According to this article, state aid is irreconcilable with the common market, in principle.
If we allow Europe to be watered down as a result of enlargement, we will drown in our own political quagmire.
However, in the case of the United Kingdom, we believe they go further than that in a manner which is unacceptable.
There are now 28 channels here in this Parliament, including two Greek, one Portuguese, one Finnish and one Belgian, but still no Dutch, and as many as seven English, six German and six French.
First of all, this matter has been in the pipeline since 1993, so it has not really been sprung on any other commodity producers.
Even though, as the Commission says, the texts of the treaties do not contain special provisions to regulate all the respective issues raised by technological development, it can nevertheless be said that within the legislative framework created, performing or interpreting artists enjoy broader protection than that accorded by the Treaty of Rome or even by the Community directives.
That brings us back to the more general need to approximate criminal law called for by the European Council in Tampere.
Mr Solana, you yourself are a perfect illustration of this, as it were, structural complicity, passing smoothly from NATO to the CFSP as if they were one and the same. Of course, in reality, they are the same thing.
It is not just the sort of policing that we identify with community policemen on the street corner.
(Applause and laughter) The Quaestors are working hard on their behalf and we are waiting for the Finnish television channel.
The most important task now is to remove the barriers to creating a real European home market as quickly as possible, instead of continuing to manoeuvre, in many sectors, within a framework of fifteen separate home markets.
In Britain in particular we have a farming industry which is in desperate straits and wants to see some assistance given to certain sectors of agriculture: shifting money for agriculture from one part of the budget to another at this stage would be to give them a wrong message.
And let us, most especially, support our rapporteur, Mr Lannoye.
The opinion of the Committee on Petitions is intended to bring to light the aspirations expressed by the Europeans who refer their cases to Parliament in matters of non-observance of rights granted by the European Union.
But, as regards impurities in the air, it would be necessary that exceptions to the strict standards would only apply when the party incinerating the waste can truly demonstrate that no more emissions are being released into the air than what the licensing conditions allow.
They include the right to personal and political freedom and basic social and economic rights.
While this dialogue can and does play a role in the transformation of human rights issues in China, it will only bear fruit if the European Union speaks and acts as one.
Finally, the report says nothing whatsoever about the deep-rooted economic and social reasons, in particular the rate of unemployment and the worsening poverty among a growing section of the population, that encourage demagogues of the racist and xenophobic extreme right to stir up unrest.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, environmental protection is a prestigious field of politics, and rightly so.
In this decision it is important to avoid anything which might add to their workload and slow the process down, without allowing for the fact that the amounts involved are not vast and that if this decision for the year 2000 is adopted this year, that will not leave much time to prepare cofinancing requests.
He did not let himself be talked into adjusting his well-balanced approach in the face of sometimes heated publications.
Mr President, I am speaking here especially in the capacity of rapporteur of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs.
On the other hand, the African countries committed themselves to promote and respect human rights, to eliminate patterns of discrimination against women, to fully support the establishment of the International Criminal Court and to combat discrimination and intolerance.
We were not allowed to see her because she was in prison.
Let me conclude by repeating and emphasising that we must listen to what the people of Europe expect of us!
We are also trying speed up our assistance and make it more effective.
Well, it is not enough!
We do not have the right to know what they are supposed to have done.
Mr President, Commissioner, e-commerce offers the European Union a unique chance to stimulate economic growth, strengthen the industry' s competitiveness and create new jobs.
Madam President, the Pensioners' Party voted in favour of the Schierhuber report on the Convention on European Community Food Aid to the world.
In the same spirit, we shall support Amendment No 13 from the Group of the Party of European Socialists, which will prevent us creating a budgetary discipline body just for show.
Is this directive going to affect them or is it not?
This is wrong because the role of these government civil servants in the last referendum was very dubious indeed.
Will the matter be placed on the agenda for the IGC?
A number of amendments have been tabled which were, in fact, already in the text when the vote was taken in committee.
After all, sanctions should just focus on the one goal, namely the reinstatement of democracy in Burma.
I believe we should stress the fact that the Finnish initiative was a very significant step forward from the moment it was put on the table, because it led the Council to get involved in a very urgent issue.
It is nonetheless unfortunate that only eight countries in the world have managed to meet the essential obligations which follow on from these with regard to equality in education, paid work and a minimum representation of 30% in national parliaments.
From another point of view and bearing in mind the ever increasing importance and influence of the media in our society, special attention should be paid to the way in which the media deal with the reality of these people, which is not always respectful of individual rights, above all when we are talking about minors, whether they be victims or delinquents.
One of the main problems was the question of retention of title, whereby the vendor retains ownership of the goods pending full payment.
The fixed aid for hazelnuts in 1996 was temporary.
To conclude, the Feira Council crowned an extremely successful Portuguese presidency.
By this we are not asking the United States to change its system, even though there have been many calls in the United States from authoritative sources for legislation to be adopted governing the matter. Our only concern is for the European citizens to be adequately protected, as the European consumer associations request and as American consumers would also wish to be.
It should also be pointed out that the Lisbon and Feira Summits have reiterated the need to move ahead with liberalisations.
However, we cannot allow this result to distract us from the many storm clouds gathering overhead.
For the rest, I should like to assure our chairman that I have a great deal of respect for procedure, perhaps more than many other fellow members, both on this and other matters.
The controllers sometimes have to do their work despite excessive numbers of flights, and a lack of human resources, which forces them to work longer hours than they should, and also with certain methods, certain technologies and certain technological supports which are not sufficiently developed.
It has proposed banning toys containing one of the six offending phthalates that are intended to be put into the mouths of children under the age of three, and to put a warning on toys containing one of the 6 offending phthalates and likely to be put into the mouths of children under the age of three, and to revise the directive in four years' time.
(FR) I voted against Mr Atkins' report because it is totally at odds with the real world and is in keeping with an a priori ideological vision rather than with any concern to meet the real needs of our fellow-citizens and air transport users.
The execution is to take place in ten days time on 14 September, and I therefore feel that it is important that you, Madam President, who are well-known for your sensitivity, write to the Governor of the State of Virginia on behalf of this House and request a stay of execution.
I shall write this evening to the Chairman of the Joint Parliamentary Committee, so that he can look into the situation.
These planning operations require an improvement in coordination at international level between the European Union and all the other parties involved in humanitarian aid, and greater cooperation within the European Union between the Commission and the instruments available to the Member States, in order to avoid the repetition of the frequent past cases - referred to in the Commission document and confirmed by the assessments - of duplication and repetition of action and, thus, wastage of energy and resources.
I am standing firm on this: by the end of 2001 we should have EUR 800 million more at our disposal for the Western Balkans than we do at present.
Therefore, if we want enlargement to work to the ultimate benefit of present and future Member citizens, we will have to start involving the citizens in political and institutional processes, not unconditionally as you said in your speech, President Prodi, for there is one condition and that is that enlargement becomes a genuine benefit both for those citizens who are currently Members of our European Union and for those who, we hope, will join us as soon as possible.
Thirdly, the establishment of centres to promote employment must be completed.
We have the background of a system to work from.
But hysteria makes for a poor counsellor.
It is a great and vital responsibility to safeguard this diversity in every single Member State.
The farming industry needs young blood in order to inject a new vibrancy into an industry which at present is aged and disillusioned.
In 1999, FAO joined the international relief operation by introducing a programme to improve nutrition standards among the most vulnerable households.
It is true, the direct or indirect relationship between the use of depleted uranium shells and the cases of leukaemia, which are multiplying, has not yet been proved indisputably, although the link appears more than likely, but these cases exist and are so numerous as to justify the greatest concern.
Both within and outside NATO, which is dominated by the United States, the EU is attempting to 'sell' us on its scheme in the name of Europe' s "independence" vis-à-vis the United States. We do not need this Euro-militarism.
Mr President, Commissioner, we must not lose hope.
If this happens, then I believe our optimism may also be rewarded with practical results.
I am aware that the issue of controls is a concern.
They have brought it to us at the very last moment.
We believe the everything but arms move is a good step, although some of us regret the delayed timetable which sends a message of less than complete commitment to the least developed countries in the world.
Furthermore, Mr Izquierdo Collado has whichever channels open to him that he considers appropriate to make this protest, shall we say.
That is probably one of the most ridiculously evasive answers I have heard in a very long time.
Specifically, a regional Agricultural Minister has ordered that dead cows be deposited in an open mine.
We believe that the producers' organisations are the best means of improving the effectiveness of the necessary self-regulation measures concerning production and environmental protection.
Walnuts are imported from the United States. I have to tell you, Commissioner, that last Christmas, El Corte Inglés, a major department store in my country, strongly promoted Californian walnuts, but walnuts from Extremadura and other European walnuts were sidelined.
It was never meant to be extended to the 2002 financial year, because that would entail additional costs amounting to EUR 82 million.
Tashi delek!
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, hardly a single winter that I have lived through has stuck in my memory, but this year, winter made itself memorable in a particularly harsh way in Portugal, as Mrs Figueiredo has just described.
We will be discussing the second package this week. It includes measures which go beyond the current policy of eradicating the problem.
It means holding a broad, public, open debate.
All of our regional cooperation programmes, CARDS, the ALURE Latin America programme, PHARE, MEDA, TACIS and so on, the Cotonou Agreement as well as our pre-accession strategies and stabilisation, association and cooperation agreements with third countries - all of them contain conflict prevent and crisis management provisions.
Let me touch very briefly on one very specific aspect: the issue of anti-personnel landmines.
Because, faced with their indifference and given the huge profits which they make, we should force them to invest in research and invent a vaccination as a matter of absolute priority.
Furthermore, it will ensure that both on-line and off-line provision of investment services will benefit equally from the country-of-origin principle of the e-commerce directive.
In my view, this would be an erroneous impression, for Parliament must speak out, loud and clear, in protest against the golden share and against all the instruments preventing the establishment of a genuine, dynamic internal market in the sectors which have traditionally, in recent decades, been occupied by the State in Europe.
Is that a correct interpretation of Rule 6?
If we are unable to discuss this matter today, I would like us to make a public statement to the effect that we shall discuss this issue with the Council at the May part-session and that we want to see some results in May.
I shall take this opportunity to repeat insist on the fact that super fast Internet must benefit all strata of society.
I am happy to say that preparations for this consequent legislation, arising from the furnishing of this data, will be undertaken during my mandate as a Commissioner.
As the rapporteur has already said: they experience the same obstacles and I am delighted that the Commission hopes to be able to present a recommendation on the subject shortly.
Is the ECB part of the problem or the solution?
Therefore we should have a clear enforcement of the law, an identity card system at national level to ensure that young people do not have access to alcohol and strict enforcement and penalties for people who supply young people with drink.
What are the most important aspects of the Fourth Protocol?
In the articles there are only vague allusions.
These are undoubtedly complex areas, but it is now clear that, in some cases, transitional periods will help to overcome some of the difficulties.
Russia' s partners are large and they are used to shortcuts.
The debate is closed.
I welcome, therefore, the Commission' s confirmation of my understanding that enlargement can proceed without the ratification of the Nice Treaty.
Given that the autonomous regions of the Spanish state, the German and Austrian Länder and the Belgian regions possess significant powers of their own which are in many cases affected by Community decisions, does the Council support the view that the regions could be directly represented within itself?
In particular, the links between poverty reduction and trade should be highlighted.
The two recent mining accidents, which were mentioned in the explanatory statement, were representative of ecological disasters, the effects of which have been felt well beyond the regions where the accidents actually occurred.
Furthermore, I believe that your manner of presenting the White Paper has been correct.
Do they not think that it is time to state that a European culture does indeed exist, to develop joint cultural policies and to set common objectives for all our member States?
I do not believe that substantial changes, if adopted by this House, will achieve anything.
Mr President, the Ebner report is going to offer the Commission a very good model to follow when producing its communication for the International Year of Mountains 2002.
If in a Member State of the European Union somebody suffering discrimination presents a case and wins it, if they work in the public sector, their greatest problem will be confronting the dirty looks of their colleagues, but if they work in the private sector, sooner or later it will lead to them leaving their job.
In conclusion, I should like to come back to some fundamental principles which in the current circumstances it is, more than ever, important to reiterate.
There must be an equal balance of effort and sharing of responsibility to prevent both forum shopping by asylum seekers and 'pass the parcel' by Member States.
These are the hopes and needs of Europe' s citizens.
Nevertheless, although it is relatively modest, it is welcome.
Greece and Spain are rapidly catching up with the EU average, while starting from a relatively low base.
Only now is the Union being called upon to participate more actively in the prevention and stabilisation of regional conflicts.
Please be assured that the Christian Democrats warrant my absolute respect.
Lastly, we do not believe that total control is compatible with the rule of law, as has been maintained.
Not only the Community but all Member States have signed the Aarhus Convention and so already have to take into account the soft-law provisions.
Two-thirds of all European workers are employed in them.
Mr President, first of all, I would like to thank the rapporteur as well as the rapporteur for the other institutions.
The wording, work of equal value is not enough, for there is then a risk of employers less conscious of their responsibilities exploiting this opportunity to create worse conditions for parental leave.
Reviewing the international analyses following the Ghent meeting shows how the shock at the terrorist attacks on the USA has revealed the divisiveness within the European Union.
By encouraging the transportation of goods by sea we will free up, to a certain extent, the amount of heavy traffic on our already saturated roads.
I must say that I totally disagree with this proposal, although I understand the legitimate aspirations of those living in a particular area to protect their environment.
Furthermore, such research is now no longer required because encouraging results have been obtained through the use of adult stem cells to treat incurable diseases.
Report (A5-0352/2001) by Mr Katiforis, on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, on the proposal for a Council directive amending Directive 92/79/EEC, Directive 92/80/EEC and Directive 95/59/EC as regards the structure and rates of excise duty applied on manufactured tobacco products [COM(2001) 133 - C5-0139/2001 - 2001/0063(CNS)]
Instead of imposing a heavy fine on a small minority of payments, including mainly business payments, all payments will then attract a minor fine.
We need to establish once and for all which data are subject to property rights and which are not.
In our view, the measures already taken more than suffice and no further measures are required.
The Council and the Commission are not doing enough, if anything at all.
There should not be any undue delay.
This is in fact in keeping with the common wish to find solutions which have the support of everyone in the Union.
I believe it would be generous on the part of the Council to offer the Commission and Parliament truly balanced and equal representation on the secretariat in order to achieve the right working conditions on that basis.
I will comment on just one of them, namely your determination to complete the single market in the gas and electricity sectors.
And although the Council and the Commission have made an effort to accept the many amendments from our first reading, I think that we can now say that it is Parliament that has made the effort to try to find, and reach agreement on, common positions.
However, Mr Rod always bears in mind that the very fact that the Lomé Convention exists and persists is, in itself, a success and a necessity.
There has been very considerable material and personal damage which I consider to be completely unjustifiable.
She said that when French and Spanish controllers - for example - in a border area want to communicate, at the moment this communication has to pass via Madrid and Paris.
Then, it must take into account the division of powers which is specific to each State, as well as the prerogatives and the requirements of each individual country' s national parliament.
Mr President, I request that the first clause - "calls on Israel to comply with" - be replaced with the clause "calls on the two sides to comply with international conventions" , and that, after the words "arrested and imprisoned" , the words "by Israel" be inserted.
For reasons which you yourself explained, this is the cornerstone of a European knowledge-based economy, the cornerstone of policy for a Europe of justice, equality and inclusion.
I say to the Left that we need to reform our trade policies because aid and debt relief for developing countries without access to our markets can be nothing more than a palliative.
Restructuring measures could be funded from the new area within the Community Tobacco Fund, the budget for which needs to be increased by 3%.
Secondly, quite a few MEPs have pointed out that we need to strengthen the link between the Commission's legislative programme and the issues concerning the budget.
On Friday afternoon and Saturday morning last, I was invited to take part, and duly did so, in the Congress of the Transnational Radical Party in Geneva. Moreover, I have also applied to join this party and been accepted as a member.
The Commission recognises the important role of those national patent offices.
There is no point in the Americans saying "we support the Israelis in what they are doing" or "we are calling on them to be more moderate in their response."
We are therefore facing a new phenomenon.
Reading this report, Mr President, I was unable - I do not know why, it is a rare occurrence - to avoid thinking about an injustice, a form of discrimination against women pensioners which is common in Europe, particularly in the country, so beautiful in so many respects, that is our own, Italy.
The debate is closed.
Many thanks for listening.
For example, we allow 5 500 children to die every day because of polluted air, polluted food and polluted water.
The Commission does take account of the well-intentioned concerns of environmentalist groups, but puts them before those of the fishing world itself and shamelessly sacrifices basic principles of the European Union, such as economic and social cohesion, in regions that are heavily dependent on fishing, all of which are Objective 1 regions.
The Committee on Employment and Social Affairs of the European Parliament is right to ask for social and environmental reports to be included in the fourth directive on company legislation, and also for independent control, equal opportunities for women and public access to the ethical criteria used by company pension funds in their investments, registered codes of conduct and trade union freedom.
Paragraph 13 of Article 6(a) of the Duff report, however, confuses the problem and manages to complicate further this otherwise simple rule.
This text includes the majority of the proposals the European Parliament had made in the Anastasopoulos report.
In 1998, the Commission penalised a price cartel on the British market in industrial sugar which had lasted for nearly four years.
The Fiscalis programme has demonstrated its effectiveness as an instrument for the promotion of mutual understanding between the European Union's tax officials and it is therefore the committee's view, and that expressed in the Commission proposal, that it should be continued.
One aspect of this timidity is the way in which the digital world is being dealt with; borders are being dismantled, we are being left without any and projection rooms are being all but eliminated.
The Danish Presidency has been instructed to push ahead with the procedural reforms of the Council decided upon at Seville and the Commission undertakes as of now to give its full support.
The Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs has included in its report some of the conclusions of the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market.
Worst of all is the loss of animal fodder, mainly as the result of the grain lost.
More focused and determined action is needed to deal with these problems and encourage return to Afghanistan.
On the basis of the letter from Commissioner Patten, could I ask you to consider the vote on the SAB 4 as an urgency, so that we can adopt it during this part-session?
The vote will take place today at 12 noon.
I still think that this message is one that the Commission should take note of. It is a matter of the attitude between Parliament and the Commission.
I sincerely hope that a new Palestinian Cabinet dedicated to the reform process is formed soon and that the achievements of the past few months are not destroyed.
Tragically, only yesterday 34 Hindus were killed by an Islamic terrorist bomb attack on a Hindu temple in Gujarat.
He must know of the suspicions in this regard and precisely where they originate.
They are ready to start work again immediately.
The Commission will continue to develop the idea of open participation.
I would hope that we can, in our voting, consider restoring that figure because it would take us up to what we originally proposed.
Partnership is one of the cornerstones of the whole concept.
Thirdly, in connection with other issues which may have prospects or require decisions, the European Union of the 15 or of the 25, or of however many other members there may be, must remain an area of social cohesion, development and democracy.
This could be justified in the short term if the majority of the population is being threatened by a dangerous minority of profiteers who want to abolish their constitutional rights.
As long as they are not harmful and their composition is known, they deserve to be given the benefit of the doubt.
What is in any case quite clear in all this is that there is a need for cooperation in all military and internal security matters on the part of the armed forces, the security services and the secret services, by which information may be gained as to how to take action against terrorism.
The objective of the proposal for a regulation is the protection of the environment and human health.
The directive could enter into force at the beginning of 2003. That would represent a decisive move towards greater integrity in Europe's financial markets, with greater confidence on the part of investors resulting in increased investments.
The first is the necessity to prepare education at all levels for a non-ethnic future.
I must say that I am very happy that it is the Commissioner responsible for the protection of consumer rights and health who is to respond to this question, because we are always told that this issue concerns the internal market or competition.
More worryingly, the annex covering the issues which fall outside the priorities runs to 50 pages.
To this end, the Commission must make available financial resources that are appropriate to this fight.
Any legislative initiative must respect the individual rights and fundamental freedoms of our citizens.
The FSPG will have a forward-looking prospective and strategic role but the Commission's right of initiative and indeed its role in the comitology procedure will not be compromised.
The report by Mrs van de Burg is balanced and consistent, and the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs has therefore adopted it unanimously.
With thrift and hard work you can build a palace. This ancient Dutch proverb is only partly applicable to the European Union budget for 2003, which will be set this week.
A revision of the upper ceiling for the financial perspectives was clearly needed under category 4, which concerns external policies.
It was introduced in 1997 and extended to all fund-managing departments in 1999.
In a very small number of cases this involves a commonly available chemical that has been supplied by the manufacturer to hospitals which have prepared the chemical for administration to patients.
Madam President, Commissioner Byrne, on behalf of the Liberal Group, I in turn would like to thank our rapporteur, Mr Nisticò, for the quality and rigour of his work.
These claims are therefore unfair, because they do not allow for any response, even though they clearly have no validity in plenary since they are not included in the motion for a resolution.
Kosova needs a clearly autonomous statute.
(FR) The annual report on the human rights situation in the European Union presented today is an interminable document that very often steps beyond the competences of our Assembly and tends to blame the Member States, as if they were dangerous delinquents and recidivists in this field, whereas we are on the contrary a part of the world where these rights are well protected.
This is precisely what the Development Council states: any funding should be additional.
It is very important that this day should not go by without our acknowledging this initiative.
Moreover, this proposal for a directive would lay the foundations for still greater centralisation in the future.
It is promising a restructuring plan and early retirement.
My group and I are therefore voting against self-handling and in favour of the social protection of dock workers, and I hope that some socially aware fellow members of the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats will follow suit.
External border controls, the fight against organised crime and terrorism demand increased capacity for Europol and Eurojust.
Furthermore, under Article 49 of our proposal, these claims can be passed on, either through specific bequests or by anticipating the line of succession.
Mr President, the threat of a punishment must always be so credible that the punishment does not need to be carried out.
(Applause from the left)
Pursuant to Rule 6(3) of the Rules of Procedure, I have referred this request to the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market.
Unfortunately at this stage consensus appears impossible. Some of the approaches put forward seem to aim in practice at calling for the European Union to become part of the movement of non-aligned countries.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, Commissioner, Council representatives, at this stage of the debate I do not imagine a single Member of this House is unaware that the inclusion of Annex XV is most unfortunate. It is unfortunate in a legal sense because it calls into question specific rights of the European Parliament.
On the issue of nonylphenol, this is an aquatic pollutant, and although many in the committee tried to talk about health risks and bring in other factors, we must concentrate on the case at hand, which is making sure that nonylphenol does not reach water courses and is banned in applications where there is no alternative.
This will be followed by an initial period of eight years, after which, the Commission will undertake an evaluation of the equivalence of the various systems and of their efficiency with regard to the level of qualification required.
Thirdly, Europol clearly needs to be subject to an adequate level of democratic control, putting an end to the current situation in which the European Parliament has been playing a purely marginal role.
Failure to do so will see the brave new world collapse into stagnation and mutual recriminations.
We also want to see some more immediate measures.
That is clear, and that is the direction in which we must move.
The basic structure of Community policy on the environment is and has always been legislative provisions, which in only a few specific cases may be combined with voluntary agreements.
This focus on access to safe water and sanitation was further reinforced in the context of the World Summit on Sustainable Development with the launch of the EU Water Initiative and the signature of the EU-Africa Strategic Partnership on Water Affairs and Sanitation.
In their interests and in our interests it is essential that we do this as a matter of urgency.
In summary, I think that we have achieved an excellent result.
There are daily troubles in Zimbabwe, food and fuel are increasingly in short supply, inflation is running at 50% a month, and consumer prices will rise by 300% at least in the next few months.
Opening up trade and access creates challenges.
A proper model is provided in terms of the general trend of the measures proposed, that is to say support for capacity-building, reform of the energy sector, management of the demand side, diversification of supply and the development of suitable regulations, financial mechanisms and public-private partnerships.
The main aim of the Cohesion Fund was to help countries with the greatest structural disadvantages; the beneficiaries of the Fund having a per capita GNP lower than 90% of the Community average and committing to adopt a convergence programme.
In my opinion that is an important part of the legislation which will assuage the concerns of those who are expressing anxiety about it.
Lastly, to reinvigorate Europe's Mediterranean policy, we must be aware that no initiative involving the southern Mediterranean countries can be successful unless it is based on a strong peace policy that guarantees the security of Israel but also a homeland for the Palestinians.
I said it ironically; he did that maliciously!
Then we will really see whether these products are accepted, because the markets will decide.
If you argue along those lines, we will one day organise demonstrations to blockade Austria, preventing you from getting out and infringing our rights.
Mr President, the present situation in Iraq and all that has preceded over the last 12 years are not only the result of the world-domination policy of the USA and its closest allies.
We also have to recognise the fact that privatisation normally means higher prices for water and purification services, which naturally cause the greatest problems for the poorest people.
Regarding amendment 2, I would like to point out that it is my intention to make a dedicated proposal on this subject early next year.
The concept of subsidiarity is expressed far more effectively through the national and also regional parliaments being given their own roles to play in the European decision-making processes, so that the Union's activities can be carried out a great deal closer to the European citizen.
These causes must not, however, serve to mask the influence of these insecticides.
On the contrary, it is here to provide an opportunity for a renaissance of the railways.
Secondly, the Commission is to be given the right to grant a derogation, not exceeding two years, for the starting date of transmission of these data in exceptional cases.
That is certainly a lawful aim, but it is scarcely a European matter to provide economic aid in relation to forest fires generally.
What this amendment is proposing is to extend funding from Parliament's budget to other participants at the WTO.
I know what we voted, but I also know what has been said.
I hope that everything can be worked out in close cooperation with both him and the agencies, so that we can resolve this whole issue before the second reading.
This document must, in our view, make express reference to actions to counter violence against women, to women’s rights and also to the CEDAW.
It is good that these immoral practices are being tackled.
Moreover, if the duration is not amended, Amendment 11 on youth, which proposes an increase in the budget, is acceptable in order to cope with the challenges posed by enlargement.
The momentum created by this year, with thousands of varied events on offer at national, regional and local level, is considerable, and we are grateful to you.
That is why, moreover, we are in an exceptional hurry here to create this agency for Europe, the European Network and Information Security Agency.
Mr President-in-Office of the Council, the present Treaties state that decisions on the Trans-European Networks, including the priority list – perhaps the President-in-Office of the Council would be so kind as to listen to me, and the honourable gentleman could perhaps move to one side – according to the present Treaties, the revision of the Trans-European Networks is subject to codecision by the Council and Parliament and is not within the decision-making competence of the European Council.
I could have done so earlier but she did not ask for it and therefore I did not think it was necessary to reply.
Indeed all the research from the Commission suggests that these seats are simply not safe and that no safe technology exists to secure the occupants of side-facing seats.
As a result of this alliance, there is basically no agreement within the European Parliament, just as there is no agreement in the Council, on the need to proceed towards framework legislation.
I regret that Mr Ford wants to make this a political matter, because I believe this is something on which all political parties could work together for the greater good in order to stop this horrible trade.
We will raise this issue during those meetings and if the government in Ukraine says it would like us to focus some of our spending on this issue, we would be delighted to look at that.
Our government regulations were introduced in 1999 to counter this trend, which has been cited repeatedly since the 1980s as the main problem in Irish freshwaters.
In paragraph 45, if I have understood it correctly, there is a question which is addressed directly to you, Commissioner, and that is whether or not you intend to send, on behalf of the Commission, a communication to the Council and to Parliament, which will relate specifically to a UNESCO convention on cultural diversity.
More than ever, major world problems require a global approach, which entails effective decision-making and implementation.
The basic aim of that strategy must simply be that there should be investment in the developing countries.
First of all, it is unacceptable that the human, economic and environmental damage resulting from the sinking of the is not taken into account in the raising of compensation.
Ladies and gentlemen, in the real world there are conflicts and wars.
We must, however, be realistic and rational with regard to the measures that we decide to take were we to be faced with the threat of this type of attack.
To a certain extent, to create that climate of mutual confidence, we need a minimum degree of harmonisation or at least approximation of penal law, including procedural guarantees.
This programme includes a very broad survey on the health effects of air pollution, the expected evolution of air quality between now and 2020, the effectiveness of existing policy and the potential for taking further cost-effective measures to reduce emissions.
The European Union cannot afford not to develop its own policy in that area, which is considered to be an important contribution to the global fight against terrorism and organised crime.
In statistical discrimination, the average differences, established at a given point in time, between groups, in this case groups of men and groups of women, are made absolute as permanent assessment criteria for individuals.
This summit will be a great opportunity as the Commissioner has stated.
Why increase spaces?
I cannot therefore see any formal, or other, argument to postpone the vote.
There are, however, organisations of those with economic interests that consider such standards to create too much work and expense.
There should be no fundamental problem with the Commission delegation signing contracts – why should that be a problem, because that would certainly speed up the process?
Amendments Nos 10, 16, 17, 20, 22, 23, 27, 28, 29, 35, 40, 42, 43, 44, 48 and 53 can be accepted in principle and/or in part – 16 amendments altogether.
A large part of the costs of this provision will fall on some countries of the Union in particular – at least 50% of these tunnels are in my country – and I believe that it would be useful, in the next parliamentary term, to find means to financially support this endeavour, which should not be left solely to individual Member States but must involve all the European institutions.
Let us hope, and let us all play our part in ensuring, that next year’s Iraq agenda really can be devoted to reconstruction.
That is another way in which the credibility of European institutions can be damaged, and from that we can all learn something.
On economic and trade issues in particular, it is important to put any transatlantic differences into perspective.
This was a copy of a bad trial, and the result of a bad trial is a bad verdict.
In conjunction with the 'freedom' of movement of workers, who will have to wander about like nomads from country to country looking for work, this measure helps to depress wages and demands, using workers from poorer countries as a pressure lever.
Far less the question of whether these projects, many of which are undoubtedly beneficial, are most usefully conducted via the intervention of European officials and with European money.
There seems to be an attempt to create a two-speed Europe and to forge deeper alliances within the framework of the European Union.
That is the question.
It would be a mistake to think that now that enlargement has occurred, everything will automatically fall into place.
What tangible contribution would the new Constitutional Treaty make to the fight against drug use in sport?
The best way for this Parliament to respond to the phenomenon of terrorism is to be united in the resolution we are going to approve tomorrow on Iraq.
I know how much this is appreciated and wanted by the present government.
Countries with low debt should be allowed to invest in key infrastructural projects of national importance.
   Mr President, Mr President of the Commission, to evaluate in three minutes the work done over five years by the Commission is rather like trying to square the circle.
You also managed, therefore, to take advantage of the political reality of the Commission to endeavour to answer at least some of the pertinent criticisms made in this House.
You had the historic opportunity to gain your independence and thereby to help increase the Commission’s authority and that of our Community method.
We have not seen a very effective policy on Zimbabwe, for instance.
   Having taken two minutes to consider the matter, I would like to state that what Mr Mote is asking for is of course contrary to the laws of the European Union.
Secondly and more importantly, effective control of arms exports is an essential part of a coherent policy that meets EU objectives on peace, respect for human rights and democracy.
The pilot purpose of the programme is clear: to pave the way for everything being set in motion more clearly today in the light of the new, more reactionary Hague programme which succeeded Tampere and was decided at the recent summit.
The Lisbon European Council of March 2000 confirmed that the fullest possible integration of the Balkan countries into the political and economic mainstream of Europe remained a key objective and that the stabilisation and association process was the cornerstone of its policy in the Balkans.
I would like to start by addressing both the Eurlings report’s detractors and those who have been opposed to accession negotiations from the outset.
No one can blame the presidency for this.
On the basis of the principle of subsidiarity itself, Europe must instead solve the major problems of its citizens which other institutions are unable to address.
I should like, however, to put three questions to you, Commissioner.
We have now seen the results from Spain, which put us all in a better position, not only as regards the referendum campaign but also by making it clear that a great nation has decided by a large majority in favour of this political project.
In a number of Member States, the markets for certain services have been taken over by professional associations or organisations, which create obstacles restricting competitiveness.
The possibility of developing a strategy and research agenda on this subject will be examined, so that the relevant problems can be identified and proposals can be made for possible ways of addressing them.
Regulating it while leaving it up to the Member States to define for themselves what they consider to be services of general interest amounts to leaving it up to the Court of Justice to harmonise the definitions and replace the legislator.
An obvious example is smoking.
I do not think that this House is in any doubt about that.
Following up this plan, the Commission will consult with Member States and the industry during 2005 with a view to initiating a number of pilot projects to eliminate or at least reduce discards in selected fisheries.
I want to go there because I believe we can do a lot to achieve the same goals in complementary and parallel ways.
I have received two requests for the Commission to make statements.
There is a great deal that we can support in the resolution, especially concerning lifelong learning, SMEs, corporate social responsibility, disadvantaged regions and the fight against discrimination.
The review in 2008 of the GSP plus could prove to be a sound alternative for this.
Unfortunately, we cannot fail to note that the Treaty has come under pressure.
Mrs Figueiredo said in her report yesterday that 22 million jobs need to be created in the EU in the next five years.
While the international community stood back and watched, these six medical workers, who went to Libya in order to offer their services for the benefit of the Libyan people, were sentenced to death in 2004.
No EU country would be prepared to undertake research into fusion alone.
I have therefore also said that I will try to persuade them to withdraw their proposal.
Very few events of this kind have taken place over the last 50 years, and they have never gone unpunished.
It is there on paper, but in practice, in real life, the services directive has been sidelined, when that directive was all about strengthening competitiveness and putting it into practice.
The flexibility of the Pact must be increasingly transparent and managed exclusively for purposes of growth, according to sound common criteria.
The prompt reaction of the Presidency and the good coordination between Parliament and Council, and the action of the High Representative and the Heads of State of Poland and Lithuania made a significant contribution to the positive outcome of that political crisis.
It goes without saying that I count myself among the latter; I believe that every instance of doping strikes to the heart – so to speak – those who are interested in sport, and young people in particular.
One forum, set up as part of the common fisheries policy, is, I believe, very useful: I am referring to the regional advisory councils.
In the harmonised spheres, however, the infrastructure for conformity assessment is not always accessible to them in their own countries for the products which they produce. I could go on enumerating separate problems, but these cannot eclipse the achievements of the European Union’s internal market.
I think it should be stressed that this directive now enables us to achieve three essential things.
Mr Moreno Sánchez has underlined the need to make progress on all the issues in this wide-ranging agenda, with a clear emphasis – which I strongly support – on the objectives of poverty reduction and sustainable development.
The European Union suspended diplomatic sanctions against the Havana regime a few months ago, so that consideration could be given to the future shape of relations between Havana and Brussels.
and the report (A6053/2005) by Mrs Ewa Hedkvist Petersen, on behalf of the Committee on Transport and Tourism, on frontal protection systems on motor vehicles (COM(2003)0586 – C50473/2003 – 2003/0226(COD)).
Mrs Rothe, the rapporteur, mentioned public buildings.
For the sake of transparency and fairness, let me tell you that this is certainly not the ideal solution.
This is why the Committee on Regional Development firmly supports the strict application of the N+2 rule and advocates its extension to the Cohesion Fund.
It is far more important that we should first define our negotiating position, that the Council should set out its position in relation to that, and that Parliament should eventually have to agree.
The UN also needs to be made more democratic.
By this we mean expenditure for the implementation of the Kyoto Agreement.
These are thorough reports which respond to the current situation, in order to ensure that we shall have seas with fish in them both now and in the future.
I do not know whether Mr Juncker was being naive or arrogant, but last week he counted the cost of it.
First, we pointed out that the provisions in the draft statute relating to the privileges and immunities of Members and governed by primary law could not be amended in an act based on Article 190 of the EC Treaty.
The second question concerns the use of the Generalised System of Preferences. The biggest benefits are mainly enjoyed by only a handful of countries, including China.
We can work together to invest in better crops, to improve malaria control, to get medicines to the sick, to develop an AIDS vaccine, to protect fragile eco-systems.
· it proposes that unspent resources due to the N+2 rule be reallocated to areas which can make good use of them;
Good trade union relations are essential, not only to ensure respect for workers’ rights but also to safeguard all our citizens.
The Green Tourism Business Scheme is operated on behalf of Visit Scotland by a commercial – though not-for-profit – company.
For that matter, what has the Commission done?
There, I specificallyannounced a number of measures I intended to take, in particular to boost the research into diseases that are endemic in developing countries and poor countries and that, unfortunately, do not always interest the pharmaceutical industry, on the grounds of poor cost-effectiveness.
   . Mr President, Commissioner, on 28 August, Mr Annan declared: ‘We are all responsible for the famine in Niger.’
We share the view of the MSF, which has been critical of the slow response, first by the Government of Niger and then by the UN.
It is a country that we consider to be a friendly country, which must become democratic and which we can assist. However, for the time being, we are keen to address the following message to the Syrian Government: now that it is time to reach a decision on this Association Agreement, please take this message seriously; do not think that, in every instance, we will have to table resolutions in order to finally start a constructive dialogue with Syria on human rights, in particular with the subcommittee on human rights that we are calling on you to set up.
   . The delusion that legislating on this issue is a simple process takes no account of the evidence that different legal systems produce different results, which may prove unpredictable or unwanted.
What matters is not what the newspapers print, but what the Commission has decided this afternoon.
   – Commissioner, you are considered to be a responsible and serious politician in our country.
Should Turkey do so anyway, it would be preferable for Parliament to keep in check, and suspend the whole process, so that we can exert maximum pressure to ensure that Turkey does not go down that undesirable route and avoids problems rather than, as Mr Schulz says, us maybe having to call the whole thing off in two months’ time.
The prospect of its joining the EU can bring about positive developments leading to a real, and not only virtual, kind of democracy, which recognises and respects its minorities, in particular the Kurdish population, and to greater respect for human rights, by putting an end to the violations of the freedom of expression such as the recent conviction of the author, Orhan Pamuk, as well as to a fresh perspective on the dark pages of its past, through recognition of the Armenian genocide.
Through the agreed minutes, and in the spirit of close cooperation set up with the Chinese since the June memorandum of understanding, both parties decided to share the burden of the agreed solution.
In case she does not have appropriate information on this issue, I will provide all the necessary references.
They are claiming the name of Greek Macedonia.
I would like to see even more emphasis on health and education; they were certainly highlighted in his speech, although they take a bit of finding.
Mr Diamandouros, our goal is an EU that is closer to its citizens, and you have taken the first step in this direction.
While we support the Vice-President in what she plans to do, better regulation is also a task for us in this House.
The result of this will be a focus on three key issues; the major inequalities that exist in the field of employment, the continuing fast pace of economic and social restructuring, brought about by globalisation and the development of a knowledge-based economy, and demographic changes that will lead to an ageing of the workforce.
At the COP 11/MOP 1 meeting in Montreal next month, the focus will be on post-Kyoto and on what happens beyond 2012.
What we have heard today follows the same script.
Rather than demolishing these, more Community policy should be implemented in other areas.
I would certainly not want the impression to be left in this Chamber that somehow by dint of geography Britain is isolated from the mainstream of the European Union.
The Commission directive that we have before us today contains all the measures of the agreement that facilitate trade, by which I mean primarily the import of animal skins and furs into the European Union.
   – Mr President, I have a very brief question for the Commissioner, but it is an important one in terms of the vote.
I am referring to the request by 37 Members, aimed at referring the report by Mr Mitchell on the Financing Instrument for Development Cooperation and Economic Cooperation back to committee, in accordance with Rule 168 of the Rules of Procedure.
Having less trade liberalisation and more quotas and tariffs, or letting the developing countries hide behind high protective walls, benefits those who are already privileged, but what the people – the consumers in poor countries – need is investment.
We would hear them saying that our agricultural reforms are minor and that they think we are wrong to impose requirements for opening up trade in services.
The Hmong people of Laos have been attacked using helicopters and ground troops.
How, then, can an incorrect legal basis be transformed into a correct legal basis?
Compensation for the injured parties is a further issue that needs addressing.
Mr President, I should like to thank my colleagues from the various political groups who have worked so hard and effectively to achieve today’s first-reading compromise package with the Council and the Commission: in particular, Mrs Wallis, Mr Wieland, Mr Lehne, and Mrs Berger from my own political group.
One of the principles of the European Parliament is that immunity is not withdrawn when there is a suspicion that the motive behind the criminal proceedings is the intention to prejudice the Member’s political activity.
It will also make sure that it singles out good ideas and practices that everybody could use.
      Mr President, the United Kingdom’s assumption of the EU Presidency meant that there was a chance that this bureaucratised and inefficient organisation would take the first step on the path towards major reforms, and that the voices of the smaller or less-developed Member States would be no less audible that those of the large Member States.
I would now like to address the British Presidency with all due respect, friendship and frankness.
Terror suspects are sometimes not released for months, and often claim that they have been very badly treated.
All in all, I should like to reiterate my warm thanks.
But we do not just have to find responses to people’s criticisms and propaganda, as a number of Members have quite rightly argued; we also have to reach out and find allies.
This leads me on to mention Moldova and Russia, and to ask both of them to return to the negotiating table in search of a longer-term solution to the problems existing between them.
I shall end by calling on Parliament to support the Fruteau report, which is a good report and which may improve the Council's agreement, and, if it is strengthened by this Parliament, we will be able to move forward towards a better future for the sector.
   Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to congratulate the rapporteur on her report and the motion for a resolution on the future of the Lisbon Strategy from the point of view of the gender perspective.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
In many cases, centralised decision-making does not benefit organisations that want to protect these jobs, the environment and safety.
The subject is in itself a useful one to debate, and the report contains a lot that is constructive.
I wish, therefore, to emphasise that, in my opinion, the Commission’s most important task in the future is to coordinate existing policy and monitor how it affects forests.
We all agree that the forests play a fundamental role and provide us with resources that are closely linked to the future of the Union and to the objectives we all set in Lisbon.
When we talk about restructuring, there is always a certain impression that people are surprised, and that it is a new phenomenon.
It is, however, usually the case that the new jobs are not the same as the jobs that have been lost.
It was Jacques Delors who proposed the European Training Cheque, and I urge your House to draw on it!
The gradual implementation of anti-dumping rights, from a low starting point, may lead to an immediate increase in advance imports from China and Vietnam, which would make the current situation much worse.
The first problem stems from the fact that our judicial systems are too different from one another.
We are not just talking about the events following the publication of the cartoons.
It is cynical to say that consumers today regard quality as more important than quantity.
This element is present in your texts, but it is absent from what is done and what is said!
   – Mr President, Commissioner Almunia, Commissioner Špidla, ladies and gentlemen, why do we need economic policy guidelines?
Currently, over 20% of the Commission’s development budget is allocated to social infrastructure.
It is clear, however – in the eyes of my group at least – that he should be released forthwith, because the crimes of which he is accused and indeed convicted do not appear to stack up in reality.
If a commercial practice is specifically aimed at a particular group of consumers such as children, its impact will be assessed from the perspective of the average member of that group.
On every side of this House, I will make a bet with you that, month after month, year after year, report after report, we will have to suffer the long litany of regrets at having an insufficient budget, but it will be too late.
   . Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to follow Commissioner Ferrero-Waldner in saying, at the end of this debate, what a joy it is that we are all agreed on the need for the three institutions of the European Union to speak to the outside world with one voice if they are to be effective.
I shall refrain from commenting on some other details relating to processes and procedures.
These are not just legal problems, President-in-Office, but a profound political crisis which we must address.
Also, was the perspective of a Maastricht criterion better in 1999 in an Italy indebted to the hilt, than it would be today in Vilnius?
- the oral question to the Commission (O-0048/2006 B6-0216/2006) by Adamos Adamou and Jonas Sjöstedt, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, on the Sustainable Development Strategy;
What that means is that the fact that these negotiations have, in the last few months, been in the hands of three Member States, should not conceal the fact that the Council as a whole, and Mr Solana, the High Representative, as well, have constantly been not only informed about them, but also involved in them, supporting them and endorsing the relevant conclusions.
Another huge waste.
Now this certainly proves very well that those in power do not consider sustainable development to be the democratic resolution of social, environmental and global problems.
Two new developments have been highlighted by the rapporteur and by the other speakers, which I too would point out: finally, after years in which it seemed that the sectoral approach had been largely surpassed, we are beginning to realise once again that we need to understand what is really taking place in the strategic sectors in our Europe.
Once we have approved the compromise, we will have a European basis on which we can work, on which the Commission, moreover, can begin to work, but then for everyone rather than for the limited number of Member States that can allow themselves higher standards.
I think that the President of Parliament and the political groups should express their opinions, if possible.
I should like to mention the situation in Greece.
I hope that Parliament will support our intentions here and thus also our statement.
The recent UN-hosted talks in Vienna on 24 July did not lead to any breakthrough.
I hope this time around real attempts will be made to protect this unique remnant of the world’s deep time.
We do not agree politically; there will therefore be no true European political choice as such, at least, not as long as we follow Washington’s policy – and that is the other point on which I differ from you – as it basically consists in promoting the extremes of both camps and in destroying the geopolitical balance in the region.
Today we are debating the issue of refugees, who are forced by hunger and repression in their own country to take the most difficult decision in a person’s life, which is to flee their homeland, often risking their lives.
I shall remind you that I shall give priority to those Members who have not spoken during the last two sittings.
To date, efforts on the part of the Member States have not been altogether convincing.
However, surely it comes down to political will to cut road and air traffic.
On the subject of Armenia now, Mr Eurlings heckled me just now, and I should like to make myself very clear.
In the new aid period, the Community should further draw on the success it has achieved with EQUAL and continue to operate the networks.
Finally, with regard to the secret detention facilities mentioned in a speech by the President of the United States of America in early September, I wish to reassure Parliament that the Council is aware of the possible implications.
We must also ban from our debate any talk of an invasion: the label 'invasion' is untrue and unfounded; we all know that only 15% of illegal immigrants come by sea from Africa and that all the rest come by land or by air.
They do more than simply supply consumers with healthy food and represent more than a source of income for people living in coastal areas. They are also part of a rich culture and heritage.
It is therefore essential to ensure that organic products put onto the market with the EU-wide organic label should be produced, without exception, in accordance with the principles and conditions set out in Regulation (ΕEC) No 2092/91.
Mr President, intellectual property rights (IPR) are at the heart of a knowledge-based economy.
We must protect ourselves against unfair competition.
Other Europeans who were vaccinated at the same time were admitted to Belen.
I am much obliged to the Commissioner, and I am obliged to all my fellow Members for their constructive cooperation.
Three years have passed, yet we still have the impression that there is no consensus among Member States on certain basic questions.
Until now our European companies have had to adapt to US general accounting principles while we accepted US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) in Europe.
In the case of Member States that do not comply with the budgetary discipline criteria - deficit and debt - the instruments laid down in the Treaty are applied, by means of the Stability and Growth Pact mechanisms.
The four pillars of the lifelong programme have very inspiring names - Comenius (Jan Amos Comenius), Leonardo da Vinci, Erasmus of Rotterdam and Grundtvig.
We have here not only enough material for a white paper on Russia's broken promises, as Mr Landsbergis said, but also enough for one on the West's self-deception.
The next item is the report by Mrs Wortmann-Kool, on behalf of the Committee on Transport and Tourism, on the promotion of inland waterway transport: NAIADES, an integrated European Action Programme for inland waterway transport.
Member of the Commission. (CS) Ladies and gentlemen, I shall be very brief indeed, because it is already five past midnight and I feel we must adhere very strictly to regulations such as the working time directive, and others in force in the EU.
This does not in any way mean that all expenditures of the Union's budget are burdened with error, nor can these errors be interpreted as indications of fraud.
Innovation, too - which is quite crucial to Europe, being at the heart of the Lisbon Strategy - is mentioned, so to speak, only in passing and in terms of the European Institute of Technology and the Seventh Research Framework Programme.
We in the Commission are ready to explore the option mentioned by Mr Duff of considering a regulation under Article 308.
You could see the seaweed.
A further reason to vote against was that the majority in Parliament rejected the inclusion in the resolution of proposals tabled by our group aimed at the following: firstly, condemning the immigrant detention centres; secondly, calling for respect for the right to asylum, and for compliance with the UN Convention on the Protection of the Rights of all Migrant Workers and Members of their Families; and thirdly, calling for funding to be used to improve asylum systems, to integrate immigrants and to combat the underlying causes of immigration, rather than promoting policies of detention and repatriation.
However, I do not agree with one spokesman for WWF, who recently denounced the final outcome of REACH as a disgrace.
Ideally, we should see the Council bringing a draft before the relevant committee so that we can have an exchange of views on the text before it is finally adopted.
Quite soon a Green Paper will be approved for wider public consultation.
(FR) Mr President, the German Presidency of the European Union looks set to be a test.
Most of you want to believe or, rather, want to make others believe that the problems that happen to come to the fore at any particular time should, or must, be solved with the aid of the EU.
This raises many issues to which you have also referred today, including those of how extensive the information is, what access there is to it and what controls need to be exercised by the other party.
Well, coming from a country where a referendum must be held on these issues, I find this extremely puzzling to say the least.
I should also like to say a word on the issue of the Internet, which is one of the important areas under discussion in the G8, in the Rome/Lyons Group.
Furthermore, during this decade, since the Lisbon Strategy was launched, the European Union has clearly been creating more jobs than the United States.
It think it still appropriate that primary responsibility for this dossier should remain with the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety rather than with the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection.
It also means reliable, transparent energy relations, including with Russia.
On Mr Catania's report, I want to underline first that sport can be a positive force for education, culture and social integration.
That being the case, the Belet report enshrines the correct principle that access to justice, even when not justified in sporting terms, must not be penalised by disciplinary measures.
(PL) Mr President, I would like it to be noted that in the Andrejevs report, when voting for point L of the preamble (it was a roll-call vote) I accidentally voted in favour when I meant to vote against.
An effective evaluation of the measures we put into place is essential.
Another important point we raised is that on the Middle East conflict.
Millions of my wonderful children lost in the land and sea.
Our task is to offer the experience we have had in our Union and to lend our support in a spirit of partnership between two equal parties.
This justifies the need to deal with the problems of surface water and pesticides at the level of the European Union rather than individual Member States.
Essentially, cohesion means levelling out the differences between the richest and the poorest regions.
We have to go on pushing and bringing the different parties together.
We know that the European Union is one of the world's largest and most diverse importers and markets for wildlife products, with demands for pets, for fashion products, ornaments and medicines.
Venezuela is currently split in two and the last thing we should do is contribute to a confrontation amongst Venezuelans.
I want to say a big thank you to all those committed people who have added names to petitions and participated in a variety of campaigns.
Overall, as you know, we are dealing with inequality; it is a difficult issue.
Could this be feasible by 2012 or earlier, or, if not, when?
Secondly, despite the revision of the Stability and Growth Pact, the Commission has remained lenient towards the biggest Member States in terms of their adherence to the Maastricht criteria.
However, we have tried to concentrate and focus a little more in order to increase efficiency.
The legal and linguistic experts are already carrying out the final revision of the text, so that it can be adopted under an expedited procedure.
What amounts have been set aside, for what period, for the countries in question?
This is not acceptable in a European area of freedom, security and justice and that is why the objective of the EU in the area of criminal records is twofold: firstly, to improve the circulation of information on criminal records between the Member States and, secondly, to use this information outside the territory of the sentencing Member State.
Framework decision on combating racism and xenophobia (vote)
Following the recent UN Security Council refusal to apply sanctions against Burma, disgracefully, the UN Human Rights Council has focused almost entirely and exclusively on one single country - Israel - totally ignoring Burma.
(Applause)
That is what I wanted to say in reply to Mr Cramer, whom I thank once again.
In paragraph 10 of the resolution by Mr Mitchell, we call on Mr Juncker to agree with Mr Almunia, and this should be welcomed.
(The oral amendment was accepted)
They need our help.
Mr President, on a point of order, before you put the motion for a resolution to the vote, in the interests of fairness I think the ALDE Group should recognise that but for the PPE-DE Group's presence here this afternoon, its amendments would not have been passed.
Article 10 of the Regulation provides for an extension of airspace organisation to lower airspace and requires the Commission to determine any other steps that might be necessary 'in the light of progress achieved'.
Thirdly, the supply of butter has been reduced due to the lower production and empty intervention stocks.
Frightening video surveillance systems are being installed everywhere, in public places and even on the streets.
In Italy, apart from the stock-market movements, it appears that the crisis has only had a slight effect on the national banking system because Italian banks, apparently, are not directly exposed to sub-prime loans.
You have recognised that the Prüm Treaty is less ambitious than either of those, so have you suspended them?
(LV) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, one of the targets put forward in Europe's energy strategy is to increase the proportion of total energy consumption accounted for by renewable energy resources to 20% by 2020.
I have to say that I spent four days in China and, within these four days, there were recalls of the licences of the two biggest toy manufacturers. This puts Europe well ahead in comparison with other developed countries facing similar issues.
I do, however, implore the Polish people to be so wise as to put this government out of office as quickly as possible!
It is obviously the case that Chad and the Central African Republic are not democracies.
It should apply to all areas and not just the positions of Member of the European Parliament or Commissioner.
Here I should remind you that from 1995 the Commission set the target of 120 grammes, and the car industry was aware of it.
We are in favour of a revision of the system of VAT and special consumption taxes. This should not mean that it is replaced by a code of conduct not binding on all the Member States.
I challenge him that we should explain to the people of Europe what the Protocol is on the Ioannina Declaration, and what has surprised me most is that governments have not fought very hard in the Council to stop the introduction of the Luxembourg Compromise into the Treaty, which would mean destroying it.
On the other hand, we must also admit that the progress we are celebrating today was achieved at the expense of transparency and sincerity.
We have to be able to advise and explain the problems to people, and also give them incentives not to smoke or to give up smoking.
My country, Cyprus, is at the centre of one such problem, but I, like most people in this Chamber, realise that problems are not solved by conflict, but by peaceful negotiation.
The remainder will be distributed free of charge according to a benchmark, rewarding high-performance airlines.
Just to list some of the key areas: the Lisbon Strategy for growth and jobs, which we agree remains central to our goals of a more prosperous, environmentally responsible and socially inclusive European Union; climate change, with this year's stress on mitigation, complemented by a new approach on adaptation; greening of the transport sector; a Small Business Act for SMEs (in fact it is a package of measures for SMEs); legislation to strengthen consumer protection regarding contractual rights and a new Consumer Scoreboard; better access to justice for citizens; improving the regulatory environment in Europe with a strategic review of better regulation.
We have to do everything possible to guard this common area comprehensively so that illegal migrants, who aggravate the security situation in the Member States, cannot get in.
In my own region where local authorities are trying to recycle soil, this proposal would make that so difficult that the viability of the whole operation is put in question.
That is the issue and that is the reason why they want a postponement.
Pluralism in the media has now become an official requirement.
This allows us to send out a signal to the people of Lebanon assuring them that the European Union considers itself to be their partner.
Parliament should instead focus on forcing transport to bear its environmental costs.
We should not regard the Union's budget as wasted money.
As the Portuguese Prime Minister José Socrates said, I have the feeling there will be a before-Lisbon and an after-Lisbon in relations between the EU and Africa.
It was very broad and really showed your interest and your knowledge about this important matter.
In the occupied territories, the humanitarian situation for Palestinians remains dire.
Yesterday, speakers - including our guest, the Prime Minister of Portugal - were shouted down so that they could not be heard.
There is also an innovation that we should not overlook, for the rights of children also extend now to their involvement in new developments in the field of education and training and in particular the cultivation of media literacy.
Such a narrow national approach puts the Parliament outside the principal decision-making process as regards the rights of the child and makes us, the Parliament, into a purely advisory body.
We have to do the work now and then we shall certainly deal with the subject once again - should it be necessary - after the Treaty has come into force.
Could the Council indicate how it intends to work with the Commission proposal to move beyond GDP as an indicator of regional cohesion, and could it say whether it has arrived at any definitive measures to be included in the future, to provide a more accurate measure of a region's performance?
I am sorry that provision has not been included for the creation of a European regulatory mechanism.
For that reason I would like to ask you how the European Parliament can work with the Commission to encourage countries which have not yet done so to adjust their national legal systems and sign up to and form territorial groupings of this kind?
I fully support the report on the European Research Area, which outlines new prospects for research and development in the European Union.
(DE) Mr President, thank you for giving me the opportunity to speak again.
If a Commissioner lacks ambition, then he or she is going to be judged, I think, by pretty low standards.
In this respect we have taken a giant step forward.
A united Europe - and this is a point worth making at a time like this - dares to give Kosovo a clear European perspective.
In Ireland we are holding a referendum on the Treaty which will, if passed, give an enhanced role and power to national parliaments in EU law-making.
This alone will cause a massive rise in public spending and benefits.
Europe already has a million unemployed immigrants, coupled with all the problems which go along with that.
Transatlantic relations are indisputably very important, but none of the EU Member States - however loyal - is ever going to become the 51st state of the US union.
But to get to Madariaga's future we must learn to know each other, each other's pasts, because only then can we build a future together.
One hundred and sixty-eight million Europeans were united as the six members of the European Union, which healed war wounds, prospered economically and, together with the Euroatlantic Alliance, secured peace and democracy in the area.
We have a very demanding and challenging task in front of us but I believe that with real commitment - commitment that this Parliament has shown in the past - we can deliver on this, with innovation, with more technological investment and of course working with our main partners.
The events in Lhasa, the capital of Tibet, and in other Chinese cities since 10 March this year are deeply disturbing.
They need to be equally accessible to the new and old Member States.
It has 17% of the world population but only contributes to 4% of global greenhouse emissions.
I welcome the fact that funding is to be allocated to SMEs, which represent the vital connective tissue of the Italian and European economies and were in need of more substantial financial support geared to the creation of original, high-quality products capable of standing up to competition from emerging economies.
I believe that the idea of creating an EU-ACP cultural fund is particularly judicious for it will encourage the emergence of local industries and markets and will facilitate the access of ACP cultural products to the European market.
It even discusses setting up joint task forces.
However, if there was no WTO, where would we be?
Marie Panayotopoulos-Cassiotou, however, asked a specific question about maternity and parental leave.
Finally, in all three cases, the Court reached its decision in the light of specific articles of the Treaty and not just the directive.
The modernisation of Europe's policy towards Africa has been my priority since I took office.
China's engagement with Africa is opening up many opportunities.
Both are covered by the same legislation and the Commission must address itself to the matter to amend the legislation from that point of view.
It concluded, and I quote again, that it would, 'at the given moment decide on the possible revision of the Directive'.
This will be the direction in which we would like to continue in the future.
South Asia, which receives most of our vessels, unfortunately receives polluting substances such as asbestos, pyralenes, oils and hydrocarbon sludge, which end up in the soil, the sand and the sea, and that is not the only thing!
Agenda for next sitting: see Minutes
Consequently, it is particularly important for us Europeans to achieve a global agreement on this issue in Poznań and Copenhagen.
It should be borne in mind in this connection that the prior grant of an authorisation, licence or concession should not constitute a defence in such circumstances.”
The aforementioned deficits must be remedied.
(ES) Mr President, we are currently facing a major fisheries crisis in the whole of the European Union, which is going to demand a rapid response from the European institutions.
Like many Members, I value the opportunity this kind of experience has given me to learn at close hand about the issues and problems facing this industry and those who work in it.
Unfortunately the lobbyists have been adept at influencing both the European Commission and the Council of Ministers.
We socialists are in favour of introducing minimum rules concerning the return of illegally staying nationals because we support a responsible, humane approach to illegal immigration and realise that some EU Member States are pursuing unacceptable policies in this area from the point of view of respect for fundamental rights.
Every single time - that is, four times during our term - that we make a decision on whether to give the green light to one country or another to adopt the euro, we keep trying to upgrade the Maastricht criteria or explain them in a different way.
Give the half billion their referendums too.
Above all, we do not want the annexes to be binding on the Member States.
If we want sustainable development we must combine the various transport modes to improve the traffic flow in towns and in the country.
author. - (PL) Mr President, when we are discussing issues of breaches of human rights in the world, we have to make certain distinctions, particularly between situations where we are considering unstable regimes, civil wars, crimes committed in situations of absolute chaos and situations like the one in Iran, where the state is relatively stable, where there is no civil war, where there are elections from time to time, but where the state uses criminal methods such as executions of children.
Well, we will not stop; we will put forward the proposal to get rid of these unnecessary standards.
I think it most extraordinary that, in new proposals such as novel foods, the Commission is launching the uniform procedure even before this has Parliament's approval.
Because Mr Corbett does not think they should be allowed to!
More than ever before, we are plotting a course for a Europe based on results.
That is how I read it.
Are there forty colleagues who will stand up?
Unless we address the cases of fraud in our own ranks, we lack any credibility and have no right to criticise others.
Of course I cannot name any brands here, but I am thinking of an Italian fashion label that has been breaking taboos for 20 years now, and of other products too.
In this context, the progress made at the Services Signalling Conference will not be lost.
Trade in services (
One of its striking features is the definition of competence as 'knowledge, skills and attitudes', and we plan to use the Year to highlight particularly the question of attitudes, which is arguably the idea which Europe most needs to work on.
That is why, Commissioner, the Commission's initiatives to implement a European policy of the sea and oceans were so widely welcomed.
Dealing with piracy is not within NATO's remit.
We heard the Indian President tell us in this House how, in a Christian school, he learned not only to love knowledge but also to distinguish between religion and politics.
Being confronted time and again with new political crises on regular annual visits, discussing year after year whether there will be new elections again, is not the kind of development that will undergird this integration.
What the President of Parliament said a few days ago in Madrid about young people and history has much to do with symbols.
We cannot support this under any circumstances.
I should like first of all to say to you that, in my view, the adoption of this text on temporary workers will send out a very strong signal to all Europeans: that 2008 can be the year of the revival of social Europe.
Hungarian popular opinion is stirred up from time to time by cases in which children of a Hungarian parent are taken abroad by a foreign spouse.
If the Commission and the Council intend to expand the scope of the proposal to cover other purposes, as I have just said, they should clarify in detail, for each stated purpose, what use will be made of the PNR data.
We therefore need to move towards sharing data and information in real time.
I would like to raise an issue of discrimination which certainly exists for men and women: public sector versus private sector workers where there are very different terms and conditions.
They should be seasonal and come from local, organic farming.
MONUC has a mandate under Chapter 7 of the UN Charter to ensure the protection of civilians under imminent threat of physical violence, but lacks the resources and quantity of troops needed to fulfil this mandate.
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - (IT) Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the beekeeping sector is not only a productive operation with age-old origins in the history of our agricultural activities, but currently it is one of the systems that is vital in maintaining the level of productivity of tree and herbaceous crops, thanks to cross-pollination.
What I would like to have heard today is that the decision has already been made for the Ministers to finally sign the document.
Achieving agreement in the Council has been a long and tortuous journey.
This debate is needed to ensure necessary reconciliations in the future.
We are told pesticides might disrupt DNA.
This is something I described in my report as an example that is worth following, not because it is a Dutch approach, but because it is tailored to, and meets the calls from, the western Balkan states themselves to support the accession process actively and appropriately.
High-quality public finances and economic policies are, in fact, in the long run, more than ever necessary.
It is highly evident that this study is, rightly, desired by Parliament and, of course, I undertake to ensure that my staff produce it in the best conditions and in the shortest possible time.
I therefore understand that it is wonderful in terms of public opinion and it looks good to defend transparency, but you must realise that transparency means ensuring that things are seen as they really are and that if we contribute to distorting how things are seen, Mr Cappato, we are not contributing to transparency.
Some of the rapporteur's proposals go much further than is permitted under the legal basis, as has already been mentioned by Mr Herrero and Mr Cashman.
As the Commissioner said, the signs for a truce plan are encouraging and I hope that it will be accepted immediately and will be respected in practice.
The vote will take place on Thursday, 15 January 2009.
What can I, as the only Member of this Parliament who was born in Bosnia and who is a refugee from the war there, convey today from this rostrum, that I, as a Swedish Member, would not be able to convey if I had not had this experience of the war?
A Europe-wide database of paedophiles must be set up as soon as possible to prevent these people from being employed in education or child services in other Member States.
Delays at this point would be detrimental.
With regard to the recommendations to the Commission on establishing a binding 20% target for improving energy efficiency, it seems that the suspicion that expensive, foreign energy technology is being surreptitiously promoted is not unfounded.
I will mention as an example the United States of America, where several times more is spent on promotional activities than all the money allocated to wine and to activities in the area of other promotional products in the entire European Union.
Except will this not then compromise the promotion of high quality foods?
One side gets more positive protection from international media and countries; the other side suffers under the derogatory terms of 'terrorism' or 'reactionary'.
We see deep divisions within the Arab League. We will have to do everything that we can diplomatically to prevent a deepening of these differences and instead encourage the rebuilding of a process of harmony and cooperation within the great Arab family.
Today that is the number of the High Representative.
(PL) Mr President, at a meeting today, the Union for Europe of the Nations Group unanimously adopted a draft resolution calling for 25 May to be established as Heroes of the Fight against Totalitarianism Day.
I, too, am pleased that Mr Deva has taken a seat, for now Mrs Ferrero-Waldner will be able to hear me, which is a great relief.
This aims to ensure that, throughout the process of restructuring companies, particularly industrial companies, employees' representatives have access to information and the possibility of intervening in the decision-making process, including the right of veto, in cases where companies do not comply with their contractual obligations.
It also seems important to support the provisions which reinforce the exemplary role of the public sector and to recognise that increasing the energy efficiency of buildings has immense potential for the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions and the fight against climate change, in terms both of the adaptation and of tackling the causes of climate change.
Our visits to the detention centres, in particular, have shown us - as you said, Mr Rothe - the collateral damage caused by an unsuitable operation, insofar as it places an unacceptable burden on the countries most directly affected by the flows of migrants towards Europe's door.
(Parliament agreed to accept the oral amendment)
Let us work together also for an urgent imperative all of us want to see in our lifetimes and something that all parties in this Parliament, I believe, crave: peace in the Middle East, with a secure Israel side by side with a viable Palestinian state.
This is about a system in which this individual greed can spread and become destructive.
In the rapporteur's view, the objectives of the new regulation on novel foods are to attain a high level of food safety, consumer protection, environmental protection and protection of animal health, while at all times observing the precautionary principle, as laid down in Regulation (EC) No 178/2002 laying down the general principles and requirements of food law, establishing the European Food Safety Authority and laying down procedures in matters of food safety.
Energy security is a key priority which needs to be pursued via a comprehensive strategy covering energy efficiency and the promotion of renewable energy resources as well as the diversification of energy supplies, sources and routes.
Neither the EU nor the US can solve any of these problems without the necessary cooperation, such as strategic cooperation and a strategic partnership of the kind that has already been talked about here.
Only the final vote shall be postponed, then.
Calendar of part-sessions for 2009: see Minutes
I firmly believe that in the interests of our citizens, the Council should bear in mind that Russia is and will continue to be a necessary, useful and equal partner in our geopolitical area.
I must say, this is a personal blow to me, as I held out my hand to you.
A key task is to increase the generating capacity of European power stations and develop the cross-border network.
Since Latvia is represented in Europe by eight MEPs, we cannot be on all the committees, but these issues are very important both for our economy and for traditional ways of life.
The auditors consistently report that levels of control and scrutiny of the use of EU funds within the Member States is inadequate.
It was also agreed to implement the announced economic stimulus measures without delay, and the EU's coordinated fiscal stimulus of over 3% - maybe closer to 4% - of GDP is substantial for Europe itself and provides a key contribution to the G20 short-term macroeconomic response to the crisis.
Anyone who sells or uses plant protection products without approval and anyone who does not adequately check residue limits not only creates avoidable risks, but also brings the manufacturer of the product and the agricultural industry into disrepute.
The worrying thing is the subject of that extremism.
This is why, when I just now paid tribute to the Czech Presidency, and in particular, to Deputy Prime Minister Vondra, I meant it with great sincerity, because I know that it is extremely difficult, as I have witnessed every day, to work under these conditions and still manage to come up with results.
However, in many instances, these changes are actually about continuing initiatives or even accelerating the overdue reforms which have been pursued for many years in the context of the European employment strategy.
This decision has therefore led to the creation of a new airline model, what ought to be the airline of the future: no more state companies but fully privatised companies.
It is also important to underline the solidarity in the distribution of the money.
in writing. - (LT) I voted for Eugenijus Maldeikis' report on the regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on EU financial support to projects in the field of energy.
Concerning the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, I would like to recall the decision of the European Council of December 2005 to grant it the status of candidate country, taking into account in particular the requirements of the stabilisation and association process and criteria for membership and implementation of the priorities in the Partnership, the substantial progress made in completing the legislative framework related to the Ohrid Framework Agreement, as well as its track record in implementing the Stabilisation and Association Agreement, including its trade-related provisions since 2001.
Finally, I should like to highlight the need for more intense dialogue between the European Parliament and the national parliaments, given that all the matters covered by the common commercial policy will come under the Union's sole jurisdiction.
Do we really think the whole idea is to make things slower, and to slow down decision-making when dealing with an economic crisis like the one we are seeing now?
Parliament's importance in the EU's decisionmaking process has grown with each European treaty.
There is little evidence that promoting the use of condoms actually prevents the transmission of AIDS.
A European Union which adopts such a law is no longer a Europe of freedom.
Why is the Commission itself not also at the helm of the negotiations with GM and Magna instead of just Germany?
In this context, the question arises of what significance the Commission attaches to the free trade agreement with South Korea, as there has, for a long time, been a focus on progress in the Doha development round, without any agreement being reached so far.
Without proper financing, however, the project will not succeed.
It is not an isolated case.
Consumer law also means, of course, that there should be a choice between various different offers from airlines, for example.
(PL) Mr President, the Food and Agriculture Organisation released a report recently in which it states that world food production must rise by at least 70% by 2050, or humanity will face the threat of famine.
Having heard about the most recent anti-Christian acts in India, Bangladesh, Afghanistan, Pakistan and Turkey, allow me to speak out again against the continuing atrocities in the name of religious exclusivism, which are being perpetrated in general by Muslim and Hindu fanatics against our fellow Christians.
I have listened carefully to all of the speeches and I have certainly noted Parliament's virtually unanimous position.
Hence our proposal: as we all know, we have SIS I. We consider it reasonable to develop this further 'as one for all'.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I very much welcome the fact that this request to use the urgent procedure was passed here in Parliament today by a large majority.
We need to help developing countries with concrete ideas on finance, as the European Commission proposed last month.
Freedom of expression is one of the values forming the basis of democracy.
Since it is the High Representative's job to table the final proposal, he or she will, of course, be involved in the work as soon as he or she has been appointed.
It is appropriate that Ireland should be concerned about these issues because it saw discrimination and loss of life in Northern Ireland for many years.
The Stockholm Summit offers a good opportunity to demonstrate to our Member States that we can be united.
It seemed to me that we had the opportunity, by refining what we were describing in order to address the concerns that Member States had, to promote this yet again, because it still rests within the Commission.
Speaking as rapporteur, I believe that this proposal is completely ineffective and is incapable of tackling crime prevention for several reasons.
I am sure you understand that the European Investment Bank and the European Investment Fund are not able to manage the details of each individual granting of credit.
Next time, please can we have a process where all Member States nominate a woman and a man as candidates, so that we do not have the last-minute rush.
Our goal must be to help these people and not to encourage European self-righteousness.
I would like to highlight four main points.
(Laughter)
On the Goldstone report, I would like to congratulate Mr Bildt, on behalf of the Presidency, for praising the - and I quote - 'credibility and high integrity' of the Goldstone report.
Some are more successful than others.
One-minute speeches on matters of political importance
On the ground, the result is always the same: there is no coordination, missed opportunities for the victims and a lack of organisation.
That meant that there were at least eight European political leaders who wanted to negotiate. There was not enough room around the table though!
I also have to say that I was shocked to see colonies of birds used to a life on the river which, little by little, precisely because of restoration, because of backward steps, were losing their habitat on the river, and whilst they used to dabble their feet in the water, nowadays I do not know where they could be.
By comparison, in Budapest alone, there are nine bridges connecting both banks of the Danube, while there is a single bridge in the whole of Bulgaria.
We expect the same today.
Cooperation would cease and national security would be put at risk.
This issue, which has possible major consequences, is also on the agenda of the Council's Spanish Presidency as an important objective.
Baroness Ashton has never put herself in a position where she has to face universal suffrage.
It should, after all, be said that the euro has been incredibly successful in weathering the most severe financial crisis.
There are therefore strong grounds for Mr Vajgl's comments about the intrinsic need to close this prison due to massive human rights violations, and for other comments that have been made.
The empty seats can be seen as representing all the predatory fish that have disappeared from the world's seas in the space of around 50 years.
The world's fishing fleets have succeeded in emptying the planet of the predatory fish that are so important for ecosystems. These include tuna, cod and salmon.
We have done so, firstly, because you are exploiting it politically in order to further increase the powers of the Europe of Brussels, of its institutions and of its numerous agencies, which nonetheless continue to demonstrate their inefficiency.
Therefore, at a time when changes to the appendices of the CITES are being discussed, I recognise the importance of also ensuring that there is sufficient protection for endangered wild species without jeopardising or consigning to oblivion any activities that ensure the economic and social viability of many communities.
Take the case of Juliet Young.
I should like to highlight two points: the first point has to do with paragraph 10 of the Thun report.
So while we are granting more rights to third-country citizens, our own citizens are being given fewer rights to travel to third countries such as Libya.
Vice-President of the Commission. - Mr President, I would like to thank the House for the many suggestions and proposals that have been made.
Yet I would ask you this, Commissioner: when an outlying country is separated from Europe by a mountain range more than 500 kilometres in length - the Pyrenees - which railways can only cross at either end and which requires the axles to be changed on every train that crosses the border, on account of the different track width passed on to us by a long history of autarchies, what can possibly be the incentive for other operators to cross the border with France when there are so many obstacles?
The reality which we have all realised is that the 2020 strategy does not even have enough green or social policies.
A week ago, the largest mass grave in Latin America was discovered in Colombia.
The European Parliament has produced its own report on this.
Indeed, it could come to pass to the contrary that in 2020, economic disparities in the European Union could be greater than they are in 2010.
It would provide EU citizens with easy and safe access to all digital services, both public and commercial.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, I am in a listening mood this evening.
Secondly, we are seeing a rise in the personal debt of households with modest incomes and means, whose purchasing power is no longer increasing.
It is not our fault, but the fault of the Roma community itself, that the Roma are disproportionately represented in crime statistics.
Next year's budget must not be drawn up as if these were ordinary times.
It is about preventing these things from happening as far as possible by monitoring economic and budgetary changes.
Why does it not opt for a European solution in the case of Greece, as provided for in Article 122(2) of the treaties?
Despite this, the law in many European countries still allows the use of such techniques.
I believe it is essential for civil servants to be accountable to the general public.
A technical error was made by the group.
If we are not capable of tackling the challenges that have already been set in the 2020 strategy, if we are not capable of fleshing out a common political agenda and if our economies are condemned to slow growth, with few employment opportunities, we will not be able to prevent further attacks that could be even more serious and difficult to manage.
We can do so in the General Vertical Block Exemption Regulation and we shall be able to do so with the specific regulation on vehicles.
That is why it is urgent that all Member States extend their vaccination and scanning programmes to all women who are in the right age group to benefit from them.
These are all measures resolutely aimed at diversifying the provision of patient care so that 2010 is the year of reaction and so that the European Union not only supports, but also inspires national programmes for action against cancer.
Member States can use a rate of 4% of the ERDF allocation and, where they see fit, a reduced VAT rate, but this must not be less than 5% for work relating to energy efficiency in buildings.
Direct payments are therefore vital and must be maintained.
Perhaps the rapporteur would like to visit my constituency and witness at first hand the desecration of our land.
(EL) Madam President, the European Union is, and remains, an ardent supporter of the International Criminal Court and its role in defending the universality of human rights.
This has been endorsed by the Spring Council, which stated that key objectives requiring action at EU level included better conditions for research and development, improved education levels, a reduction in early school leavers and increased participation of youth, older workers and low-skilled workers in the labour market.
Today, knowledge is a greater priority than ever.
Madam President, I would ask you to speak to the services on my behalf in order to denounce this arbitrary decision and to ensure that, within the next 24 hours, the services reconsider and accept this sound amendment.
I am concerned that so far, the statistics have not been a priority within this area in the ongoing decision-making discussions.
Firstly, I would like to say that the crises that we have yet again experienced once more raise certain key issues.
I must point out that only 23% of patients affected by HIV are aware of antiretroviral treatments in Europe and Central Asia.
Secondly, there is a dire need for simplification in the process of application.
This is the purpose of the resolution that the European Parliament has adopted today following the publication of the report by the High Commissioner for Human Rights on 1 October, which lists 617 of the most serious violations of human rights and humanitarian international law committed during a 10-year period by State and non-State players in the DRC.
I am abstaining from the vote because the goals have been set too high and the EU's leading role in this regard will only achieve its purpose if large nations like China are also prepared to change their way of thinking.
the report by Mr Rangel, on behalf of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs, on revision of the framework agreement on relations between the European Parliament and the Commission, and
What about the new Member States?
Unfortunately, the Europe 2020 strategy is limited to indicating the way out of poverty for 20 million people by 2020, which represents a step back from the initial objectives of the so-called Lisbon Strategy.
We are awaiting a binding agreement and some crucial decisions and practical steps.
We need to promote the principle of freedom for families and leave the decision up to them on how to care for children.
Those in the Council who are criticising, for example, the increase in payment appropriations, are being unfair to this budget.
In this context, the governments are refusing to give one more euro to the European budget.
In a democracy, one thing is necessary: that the people pay their individual revenue directly to Europe and that they can therefore contribute and control the functioning of the European Union through those resources.
That is why we are planning to have a separate chapter on aquaculture in our CFP reform.
The feasibility study on issuing joint Eurobonds could constitute an opportunity to examine in greater detail financial instruments for defending against speculation, and to put them into practice.
However, it should also be remembered that the European Union is a separate entity, and cooperation with the OSCE should not make us subject to decisions made by the OSCE, whose membership, as you know, is not restricted to European countries.
On the contrary, we should have positive expectations in this respect.
The topic is crucial.
I would like briefly to add another aspect to the discussion.
Thursday:
The majority of this House should also apply that principle to the European budget.
We note that work towards a common definition on nanomaterials is still ongoing within the Commission.
Against this background, there will be a high level of demand for technological developments, for example, in the field of water and sewage treatment plants.
I have been fighting for these issues for years here in the European Parliament.
This is what we need to show the European public.
The second matter is the lack of explicit reference to making specific investments in fuel transmission projects.
I would like to start by pointing out that the climate change conference in Cancún is another big chance to do something for future generations, and at least partly make up for what we failed to do in Copenhagen.
The figures presented in the report amply demonstrate this body's efficiency and its importance for the transparency of relations between the European institutions and the public.
Let us be clear: the abolition of internal borders between Member States has made it essential to harmonise national legislations on the conditions of admission and residence for third-country nationals, to guarantee them equality of treatment, and to ensure that they are guaranteed rights and obligations comparable to those of EU citizens.
That is what I wanted to say by way of introduction.
I can do no better than to read out the voting list of what we have been voting on today: subsidies to SI/Mura in Slovenia, to Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG in Germany, to the automotive industry in Wielkopolskie in Poland, to the retail trade in Aragón in Spain, to the textile sector in the Comunidad Valenciana in Spain, to the manufacture of natural stone products in the Comunidad Valenciana in Spain, to Lear in Spain, and to H. Cegielski-Poznań in Poland.
I apologise to Mr Madlener, to Ms Theocharous and to Mr Hadjigeorgiou, who are also present.
Earlier development policy and consultations with citizens in the decision-making process have not always met the expectations of the European Union's residents.
These funds will allow the financing of crucial expenditures which were not foreseen during negotiations over the previous Financial Framework, such as the European External Action Service and the Galileo system, for example.
Financial assistance should therefore be provided on an individual basis.
It would be useful for a report on the situation of fundamental rights in the EU to be issued annually to make sure EU citizens are properly informed on the new fundamental rights architecture.
This has been reinforced once again in comparison with the previous Interinstitutional Agreement.
The fortunate element of this incident is that the observed levels of dioxin in food where EU limits were exceeded have not been very high, which means that no immediate health risk for the consumer is expected as a result of the consumption, if any, of the contaminated products during a short period of time.
I would therefore like to demand, together with you, that the Commissioner deals with Canada without delay, and also stands up for Romania and Bulgaria.
My criticism is also backed up by existing jurisprudence in this field.
However, what is improper is the news that has become public that the European Stability Mechanism and the International Monetary Fund could end up mutualising part of the sovereign debt accumulated by private banks at 6% or 7% interest, in Portugal's case, after the same banks have financed themselves at 1% interest with the European Central Bank.
It is for Christians and for those who are being attacked.
The Christians are intimidated, evicted or killed with a clear purpose: religious cleansing.
The only political option that did not condemn them has been banned.
To begin with, we started in the market and ended up in health (and I heartily welcome this move to health); to begin with, we started with physical space, and included the Internet, as we could not leave out the main gateway for falsified medicines in Europe; to begin with, we had merely a monitoring system, and we went on to add sanctions and penalties to this.
We have a duty to make a success of this accession.
These measures must stipulate that manufacturing authorisation holders who remove or cover up overt safety features applied on a voluntary basis by manufacturers be held strictly liable in the event of counterfeits entering the supply chain as a result of their actions.
I would add that, in 2007, the Commission noted in its communication entitled 'Addressing the challenge of water scarcity and droughts in the European Union' that it considered that the European Union could provide funds to help create additional water supply infrastructures.
However, certain industries will be exposed to additional competition, and the EU should therefore ensure effective monitoring of the implementation of the agreement, the rapid settlement of disputes and the subsequent rapid safeguarding of the legitimate interests of European industry and European entrepreneurs.
The current mechanisms for Member State market surveillance cooperation and coordination will also be improved.
(FR) Madam President, I do not know, I have said nothing before 2011, why has the situation deteriorated?
Therefore, I think we have to ask the Commission to make an impact assessment.
Mr President, the European Union finds itself torn between two frustrations in the Libyan crisis, between what is desirable - the earliest possible disappearance of a criminal regime that is determined to die killing - and what is achievable.
This is the first substantial change to the Treaty of Maastricht on economic and monetary union.
Although the European Union has re-established sanctions and taken a hard line on Lukashenko's regime, fundamental rights such as freedom of assembly and of expression are still violated and trampled upon.
I regret, however, the ESM approval method chosen - a simple consultation of the European Parliament - because the intergovernmental approach has prevailed over the Community approach.
In this respect, the cohesion policy, along with the common agricultural policy, is a priority area in view of the negotiations on the new post-2013 European Union budget.
in writing. - (DE) Air transport has increased in general and therefore the aviation markets of the EU and the United States have also grown.
We must also realise that investing in the future is the only way to achieve what we really want to achieve.
It is not just one incident, it is the accumulation of four or five incidents, plus human error, that have led to this situation
(Applause)
Another aspect is the inclusion of Israel on the list of destination countries for dual-use products.
I believe this is progress in terms of nuclear safety.
I am pleased that the European Commission has made the first move in this direction.
The Commission should thus make use of the new extension period for the current regulation to carry out - with the participation of the involved parties - an assessment of the impact of the measures currently in force on ships that implement them, and on the ecosystems affected.
It also reminds us of the need to support the real economy more than ever; in particular, through an ambitious European industrial policy.
Laurent Gbagbo must give way and there should be support for the speedy return of refugees to their homes.
Their destiny in these countries, marked by strongly patriarchal and religious traditions, will not only be indicative of but also decisive for the path that these countries follow over the months and years to come in search of democracy and respect for human rights.
Today, we have the Mediterranean at our disposal in an important new plan which needs to be launched as soon as possible.
This is what has caused heavy losses to European producers, never mind the losses from customs payments.
The purpose of the agreement is to establish cooperation so as to ensure the integrated protection of the ecosystem and the sustainable development of the Prespa Park area, including the drawing up of integrated river basin management plans, in accordance with international and EU standards.
This means that the present system embodied by a myriad of overlapping and sometimes conflicting bilateral investment treaties (BITs) of the Member States has to be replaced - in a reasonable time span - by a new framework of modern EU investment treaties consistent with cross-cutting EU policy goals.
If anything, this discussion has arisen with some delay because, once the scandal had exploded, we wondered if we could attempt to further strenthen the agreement.
Delegated acts (Rule 87a): see Minutes
As we emphasise in the opinion of the Committee on International Trade, the overarching objective of the 'Innovation Union' must be long-term development and competitiveness based on technology, knowledge and the development of education.
We are also eagerly awaiting legislative proposals on how cultural goods are taxed, on the governance of collective management societies, and on budget allocations for the programmes relating to culture, education and media.
Regrettably, these issues are forgotten further on: the proposals necessary to correct these situations are not made.
(SK) Madam President, Friday's announcement by European Union representatives that the International Monetary Fund would release a further tranche of EUR 12 billion in credit to Greece was given an encouraging reception by the markets.
If the British Government invested more in the European Union, they could make savings on their foreign policy, in William Hague's department. Another example is monetary policy.
It was patient and creative, extremely well organised, and, at the same time, spontaneous and flexible.
Since these two areas fall within the sovereignty of states, most of the institutional and financial requirements of the Mitchell report are not acceptable.
Would you first of all accept that this is not just a German debate and that there are other elements to this discussion?
Adding a green component to the first pillar in conjunction with a stronger rural development policy is another key objective that will help to tackle climate change and environmental issues, but will also contribute to achieving the Europe 2020 strategy.
We have to understand that every euro used in paying interest on the public debt is one which does not go towards investment in education, social security and other fields that provide a necessary environment for the good development of the economy and for the well-being of the people.
The EU's regional policy is dogged by red tape and abuse.
Finally, I was pleased that we overwhelmingly voted that the budget be maintained at least at the 2013 level.
I wish to stress that not all the fishing opportunities of the previous agreement were used and that in this new protocol the fishing opportunities for the long-liner sector are reduced.
Opening of the sitting
We will not know, unless it reads the transcript tonight.
Commission statement on BSE
The Commission has also stressed - and we shall continue to do so - that families and others who suffer disadvantage as a result of the building of this hydroelectric plant must be receive assurances that they will be treated fairly.
Thirdly, neighbouring African countries like Kenya and European countries who are harbouring the people who preach hate and genocide should immediately close down their activities.
It is our duty to enter into specific commitments towards those who are suffering, and we cannot remain untouched by starvation and genocide, whether these are present far away from us or on Europe's threshold; both Europe and the international community must devote greater efforts to policies to eradicate economic poverty and social marginalization, the prime obstacles to the establishment of a constitutional state. We need to reinforce, including through close coordination, the programmes of the European Union on training, education and rehabilitation so that those countries are able, depending on the circumstances, to return to or move towards sustainable development.
I shall restrict myself to the social issues.
The vote will take place at 11 a.m.
I also hope that this will be the first impulse for real change.
This is now more important than ever, because we need a more optimistic and confident approach in order to complete the project of monetary union.
However, Mr Söderman, we have no doubt that you are fully aware of that responsibility.
It is very pleasing that the Ombudsman, Mr Söderman, has chosen to take a stand on a matter of such importance to all citizens as openness within the European Union.
Knowing how long it takes for legislation to go through the Union machinery, there is every reason to be very pessimistic.
Let me conclude with two basic considerations.
Mr Herman, ladies and gentlemen, we are not going to open a debate on this question.
We cannot be the accomplices of this kind of segregation, which in our eyes represents a seriously retrograde step.
Minor amendments to this legislation were made in 1987 and 1988.
This is not a plague; it is a disaster brought about by mankind, namely by the British Government's decision to change the temperature and pressure at which animal-based meal was manufactured.
I should like to end by thanking the rapporteur, Mr Piecyk, and Mrs Fontaine and Mr Imbeni for all their hard work in the conciliation committee, and of course our thanks also go to Commissioner Kinnock for his tireless efforts to find a compromise.
How can we try to explain why there has been this endless tug-of-war about banning the acceptance of gifts?
Our subject matter is only that of developing - as provided for in the Treaty on European Union - a credible common defence and security policy, one which is therefore dissuasive and effective.
For that reason there are no explanations of vote on the calendar.
It is essential that the primacy of politics over street violence should be quickly re-asserted.
However, in 1995, following an agreement between the Council, Parliament and the Commission on the necessity of a legal basis for budget lines, the Commission made a proposal on this issue.
On my first day in Parliament the good wishes and support of the Irish Members of the European Parliament are particularly welcome and have been a great source of help to me.
The next item is the report (A4-0245/96) by Mr Elles and Mr Miranda, on behalf of the Committee on Budgets, on the draft supplementary and amending budget No 1 for the 1996 financial year.
All of these people will need to be fed and clothed and they will need clean water.
The process of preparing the Union and the applicant countries for enlargement is now well mapped out.
This report also lays to rest many myths concerning alcohol.
Thank you, Commissioner.
I therefore believe that it is an EU which is less federal and which has no military ambitions but concentrates on what is really necessary that offers the best chance of contributing to stability in the Baltic region.
Those decisions are also a way of indicating to the Commission the need for greater involvement, necessary in regard to this issue which, as Mrs Dury rightly said, is primarily a problem of employment. It may be that this is not made sufficiently plain, is not sufficiently developed in the text, but it is certainly encompassed by our continuing demand that the point of reference for every proposal should be the issue of jobs and employment.
Now that we are discussing the Raphael programme at second reading, I should like to highlight a number of points, following on from the concerns expressed by Mr Sanz Fernández, rapporteur for the Committee on Culture, Youth, Education and the Media, whom I would congratulate once again on his excellent work.
That is the spirit in which the Commission presents the directive today, and I am very heartened by Parliament's support in broad terms for the objectives of the directive.
A country can freely decide - in the way described by our Swedish colleague - to run a public service as a public monopoly undertaking, and spend a great deal of money on it.
This also means greater financial effort.
There is another important message, too, at the present time. This concerns the mandate of this multinational force.
Surely they were set up to keep or restore peace?
It refuses to admit that hundreds of thousands of SMEs have been sacrificed on the altar of 'free' competition, and entire branches have been dislocated.
I believe its conclusions should be borne in mind, although, and I deplore this, they received little consideration and I think the Spanish presidency at the time paid insufficient attention to the matter in the conclusions of the Mediterranean Conference held in Barcelona in the following November.
What is the main change going to be between that century and this?
I would also like to raise the question of structural unemployment but I have run out of speaking time.
This is an absolutely forbidden subject today, amazingly enough.
Finally, how is it possible to take options without safeguarding fundamental principles, those of financial solidarity, Community preference and, last but not least, giving implicit and passive cover to the possible dismantling and re-nationalization of the costs of the Common Agricultural Policy?
The issue of alcohol is a health issue, which was pointed out quite correctly in Mr Flynn's response.
Unfortunately, because of the fact that agreement has not been reached within the Council, I am expecting even more complaints, because some countries have already liberalised certain activities, such as mail advertising.
In this connection, I have just been informed that several thousands of these refugees who were regarded as having returned to Rwanda are in fact fleeing into the interior of Tanzania.
From that point of view we cannot condone the intention to impose new measures and conditions upon Serbia with the excuse that we are recognising the democratic rights of the opposition parties.
We have now given consumers seven working days in which to change their minds.
My dynamic young nephew, on the other hand, sees these novel foods as providing the ultimate breakthrough to an age when failed crops, food shortages and famines will be brought to an end throughout the world.
New structures in Latin America remain fragile.
The benefits of coordination conferred by Eurocontrol and ATM, in whose work Finland also participates to some extent, are indisputable. However, they have not managed to harmonize their Member States' air traffic control systems or increase their safety.
In some of the opinions annexed to the report there are entirely different descriptions of the industry at European level than the one he gives.
The number of fires in Europe is tending to increase considerably.
The Nagorno-Karabakh affair is a sad example of this, but it is one that, fortunately, we might hope is being resolved.
Any defence of national identity could therefore be prohibited.
We in the Liberal Group are staunch supporters of the internal market, but the counterpart to the internal market is free choice for the consumer.
There is no urgency because we passed a resolution in December, and the matter needs further thought, so we think it is better to adjourn the debate for two months.
Well, we'd better give it greater powers and additional officials....
I went there in November with Mr Martin, Vice-President of Parliament.
In other words, unless we take measures, we will automatically create a rise in unemployment of 6 % a year.
That refers to both Israel as it does to the PLO, with whom the European Union signed an interim agreement on 24 February last.
I also believe it is fundamental not only to sustain our training policy but also to include in the financing of this chapter the objectives listed in the White Paper on education and training.
Today, everything still remains to be done and the effort required is still enormous, as are the potential gains.
So long as Parliament feels shut out from the work of such committees, suspicion and lack of confidence between the institutions will grow.
And not just by me, but by other colleagues too, such as Mrs Palacio, who has looked at this from a legal standpoint and has raised a number of questions.
It is an honour and privilege to have you with us at this plenary session.
It is my opinion that we must give more vigour into the debates on the principle of subsidiarity.
We are all aware of that.
Let us hope that this agreement will not only be one which this Parliament can meekly accept but one for which we can be positively enthusiastic.
We all agree that noise pollution is something we need to clamp down on.
This is the divergence that separated Keynes from Adam Smith and Cambridge from Oxford.
It is a shame, because unanimity in a European Union of more than fifteen Member States will only lead to hold-ups and even paralysis.
A few courageous colleagues put the available budgetary resources together at the end of the 1980s to promote the economic modernization of Hungary and Poland, countries which at that time were just trying to extricate themselves from the domination of the Soviet Union.
If the three largest Member States cannot meet the criteria on a sustainable basis, the European Central Bank will have no choice but to increase interest rates, causing enormous political damage for the Union.
Commissioner, please send it to us too.
Mr President, I need hardly say that it gives me particular pleasure to reply to the chairman of my committee, whom I am pleased to tell that the Commission held an exchange of views with representatives of the Network of Capital Regions in 1996.
I have voted for the Rothley report on patents for biological inventions.
For years, the European Parliament and its Environment Committee have been trying to find and apply new instruments to advance the aims of environmental protection.
Thank you, Commissioner and thank you also, Mr President, for giving me the extra minute in which to speak.
In such cases, one should only overrule the Committee on Budgets when there are very good reasons for doing so.
(The order of business was adopted as amended)
I welcome the Garosci report.
In this case, Mr President, once again we call not for article 100a, because this is not a question of harmonization, but for article 129A.
Paragraph 8 :
The accession negotiations with Cyprus must begin in 1998 - at the beginning of the year - and the Union must consequently stick to its position: the illegal occupation regime in northern Cyprus cannot be recognized and as such cannot take part in negotiations.
It is important that the Parliament adopt this amendment to the regulation with great speed, as our food processing industry needs it in order to adapt in line with the changing market.
I wonder whether the Bureau could clarify the rules governing demonstrations in this institution?
Finally, I would not like to finish without replying to Mr Eisma, who put a question to me about point 13, concerning setting up a European corps of green helmets.
You can read a book but you can also read from a screen and disseminate information that way.
This is the second time my card has disappeared before voting.
We also think that the fisheries agreements with the ACP countries in particular should be revised so as to provide sufficient scientific and technical cooperation in the monitoring and control of resources to guarantee their conservation.
There are, however, other aspects of the report that merit detailed discussion.
Mr President, it appears from Mr Sainjon's report that the relocation of activity is not a massive phenomenon.
And that is because, until, as Parliament has been requesting, an interinstitutional agreement - or in the last instance, if we have no other alternative, the Court of Justice - defines the uncertain legal concept of "important budgetary implications' , this House must claim the right to interpret that concept, especially when, as in this case, the Council gives no reason for changing the legal basis proposed by the Commission, which was, as Parliament agrees, the second subparagraph of article 228(3).
The United Kingdom has been at the centre of the BSE epidemic from the beginning but, with the precautionary measures which have now been put into effect, it is entitled to be seen as setting an example in health and safety standards, including the safe storage of rendered carcases.
They undertook jointly with us to deal with budget matters, the revision of the budget rules and principles so as to achieve a clarification of procedures, simplification, better concertation, and so far as possible the disappearance or at all events the elimination of this archaic practice of differentiating between compulsory and non-compulsory expenditure.
Large problems still lie ahead of us, particularly in view of the fact that throughout the world there is so far no ethnic group law.
We must not reach a point where enlargement takes place with a reallocation of funds in the context of the financial perspectives, as proposed for the year 2006, which would damage efforts to deepen the Union.
As far as the European Union is concerned, the main interest lies with Poland and the Baltic states.
This consensus applied not only in the institutions and the national governments but with the EU public as well.
It underlines the importance of taking effective sanctions against those organizations and individuals involved in trafficking.
Would he join with me in calling on all EU institutions to abide by the spirit of the Amsterdam draft Treaty on anti-discrimination on ageism?
I consequently fear that the Council is hardly in a position to undertake any step that may be contrary to the French government regarding the teaching of ancient Greek in French schools.
The question also arises whether the protocol will be ratified by everyone, and more specifically by the United States, the largest polluter, and how it will eventually be implemented The Commission stressed this only a few minutes ago.
It is important that consumers become accustomed to the pricing before 2002.
I would like to thank the Commissioner in advance for his reply.
The NTA could do some useful preparatory work in view of the forthcoming ministerial conference.
However, the Commission does not consider that its role should be to devise or impose such a code of conduct on business.
Ladies and gentlemen, there is something I wanted to ask you.
Five important negotiations have been concluded successfully and every effort is needed to reach an agreement in the transport sector too.
However, debt relief is not enough.
For the various Member States, of course, the repercussions are and will be very different.
Do you not think that the current crisis will also have important consequences for this problem of agreements not being ratified, and that we should protect ourselves at the level of our own texts and our own decisions on aid to our European industries?
It has shown not only what needs to be done but also what can be done.
I want to be given a compass, a chart for negotiating my way through the Bermuda Triangle which is European research policy.
It is very simple.
As long as we have surpluses this system will be necessary.
So I think it should not be included as a part of the agreement.
Firstly, for example, it mentions the optimization of information strategies, and I believe that electronic media, via news broadcasts, can and should provide our citizens with precise answers to their questions, and this could be very helpful over the coming months and years.
All pollution-related diseases must be included, so that people clearly see causes and connections.
Firstly, the example of BSE shows how quickly rare diseases can develop into catastrophes.
Finally, I believe there is a problem of financing, of aid for the countries applying for accession and I believe it is necessary to grant this financing, taking into account the different capacity of each individual country to make use of it.
Interpretation of the Rules of Procedure
I do not know what the list of speakers looks like, but if for a third time we find that Mrs Gradin has to voice her opinion and that of the Commission while Members of this House are pouring into the Chamber, with all the noise that this entails, and with the vote soon to take place, then I say that this is simply unacceptable.
To help the more dynamic SMEs, particularly with regard to the small undertakings of young people and women - possibly the most disadvantaged sectors - by making more funding and finance instruments available, will mean not only an increase in employment but also technological innovations, competitiveness on the market and, above all, greater ability for economic operators to face the challenges and opportunities of the imminent European Monetary Union.
So, we agree with a practical approach, we agree with the list of categories and aid proposed by the Commission - and our group is not in favour of either lengthening it or shortening it, as the rapporteur suggests - but we have made two comments which have been taken up by the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy.
We consider the 31 December 2000 deadline for operating aid to be inappropriate and premature, particularly if competition is further distorted, for instance, by dumping or by the Far East crisis.
In Bosnia-Herzegovina mistrust still prevails between the various sides. More particularly, the functioning of common institutions is always problematic.
I understand the reasons that you have given.
It will not be up to me but up to the parties after the referendum to decide, but I hope that structure is kept and provides a model for others of what is possible.
We cannot ignore them, and within this framework each person must be able to familiarize himself rapidly with the new currency and use it comfortably and with confidence.
This work should make a valuable contribution to improving the quality of life for people in Europe.
This is quite a simple, normal possibility.
(Parliament adopted the resolution)
Furthermore, in terms of Europe's population structures, its transport, energy and communication structures, the spatial distribution of its economic activity and its environmental links, Europe forms an interconnected network.
But it is important always to promote those projects we can keep an eye on.
I believe in future we must lay much more emphasis on problems of the environment, and we think it is right that the report separately identifies the problems of nuclear safety.
The Austrian President, Dr Klestil, also touched on this subject in this House a few months ago.
This first reading is a particularly important stage in the procedure because it is the stage at which each of the institutions carries out an especially detailed analysis of the Commission's proposals. It consequently provides an opportunity for all to clearly demonstrate their concerns, to emphasize their own interests - minority, sectoral or majority interests - and to ensure that they make their voice heard at that stage.
I doubt if I shall use all my five minutes of speaking time.
Three of the five amendments were not adopted by the Commission at first reading.
The motor vehicle industry is offering to cut average consumption by 25 %, purely by taking technical measures.
I thank the President-in-Office for her reply.
What is the European Union doing about this?
(The Minutes were approved)
It is a matter of urgency that we change the priorities and redefine the objectives of the Central Bank so that it can help by boosting appropriations for employment and growth and so that it can act to limit the free movement of capital and to curb the power of the financial markets.
The government justifies this restriction (laid down by law in 1960) on the grounds that, inter alia, 'the job of the captain of an aeroplane includes duties of a kind that would normally be carried out by a civil servant'.
You described why this is the case, namely because of what is known as the British rebate.
Madam President, Commissioner, you should have begun with the observation you made at the end.
I do not think when you add up the figures here that you should look at the billions the Community pays for field crops separately and pretend that it has nothing to do with pigmeat.
As I said, in the end the reorganisation of the Community budget will save much money.
That is why we warn against being over-zealous when making proposals to rationalise the committees' facilities, and the danger of only focusing on legislative work and budgetary duties.
As you know it is our insurance policy, as the Commission has said.
An integrated rural policy must also ensure that new jobs are created in rural areas.
Increasing the budget is one thing, but no less important to us is a redistribution of the funds.
Mr President, I would also like to make a point concerning working conditions because for the second time my trunk has not arrived.
Regional planning means better communications, greater attractions for industry and greater opportunities for growth.
Slovakia has made huge political progress which we must recognise.
The market too can take risks here.
Developing countries need capital in order to develop.
It is most regrettable that Turkey has not only not kept its promises - which were a prerequisite for the Customs Union agreement - but on the contrary has to some extent aggravated the situation.
The social items too have been settled, though there is one problem remaining, which is the expenditure under the Social Fund and other funds.
A major European capital and credit market will be better able to release the financing needed to absorb an economic shock.
Not that these are not useful matters, but they can be dealt with in the specialist Councils by the specialist ministers concerned.
I should also like to draw my colleagues' attention to Amendment No 58 relating to public access to official records.
Therefore the Commission is unable to accept Amendment No 10.
I welcome the report and I will, like Mr Evans, finish within my time to show the spirit of Christmas.
The deadline allowed to you is very short, Mr Santer, and your pledges have to be very clear.
It is surely a question of whether the city that is awarded the honorary title of European capital of culture can indeed live up to that title.
As Mr Fantuzzi mentioned earlier, all of this seems worthy of a motion of censure even if a good financing plan that was clear, precise and took into account the development of expenditure at current or constant prices had been able to clarify our debates and prevent all the rapporteur's proposals from unfortunately receiving such a pounding.
The example given of the Ariane and Airbus projects, which used very few Community financial resources and in which the Commission played a purely anecdotal role, should serve as a model for the development of this European satellite industry in years to come.
Agenda 2000 (continuation)
In Austria, we have found that reducing the tax deductibility of business entertainment can harm the gourmet restaurant sector.
Also, you should be aware that in the days following the portrayal of a suicide, the rate of real suicides among adolescents increases by 13.5 % among girls and 5.2 % among boys.
Some Member States, anticipating the amended voice telephony directive, have already introduced more stringent measures to protect consumers.
I think we would all very much welcome it if it were possible to monitor from the outset what measurements are being taken, what efforts Member States are making and what needs to be done to coordinate those efforts in order to achieve the Kyoto objectives.
The European Union must put in place stiff penalties for Member States which are in breach of this regulation, and it must make available procedures to prevent the illegal exportation of waste which, as we know, is going on.
I therefore hope that the European Parliament will adopt this text, which guarantees a high level of environmental protection.
I believe that a revised Commission proposal would provide a more appropriate basis for discussion than has been the case up to now.
I think that the European Parliament should be preparing rather more officially for this new revision, with all of us participating in it.
We think that this traditional Scandinavian model involving collective agreements ought to be retained.
Our colleague Mr Chesa, who comes from one of the most important wine-making regions in Europe, rightly highlighted the risks of a reduction in quality and of breaking the link between product and land that this move would entail.
Unfortunately, we can do nothing for those who have disappeared apart from extending our condolences to their families. Indeed, there is very little we can do to predict other earthquakes.
One of the tasks named in the justification for the first phase of Socrates was to put Europe within the reach of the man in the street and to give it a human dimension.
Without this prior conceptual work, we will find it hard to act in the most efficient manner in order to ensure that these thresholds are achieved in the less favoured regions.
It is to be hoped that tomorrow's vote will represent a satisfactory outcome for the work that has been carried out.
Therefore, we reject outright the proposal to renationalise CAP funding and the proposals to introduce a degressive approach.
I am glad that the committee has supported the main principles and the main objectives of the Commission.
The two drafts largely deal with the same issues but lack any kind of coordination.
We therefore have a responsibility, not just to ourselves but to the planet as a whole, to encourage greater energy efficiency and cut greenhouse emissions.
We shall now vote on paragraph 5b of Amendment No 12.
We particularly regret one of them: it is absurd enough as it is to bring company size into play where obligations to provide information are concerned, and then on top of that, 50 is far too high a figure.
By their very nature, the Community institutions are the furthest removed from daily life.
First of all, we wish to express our support for enlargement and, secondly, we share the concern that has been expressed about the large Russian minority in this country.
Madam President, I should like to congratulate, in her absence, the rapporteur, Mrs Bennasar Tous, on her report.
No one was briefed or informed of any plans or given any information.
To coin a phrase, the European Union should do less, better.
We are not seeking to take powers to ourselves to intervene in the detail but we are seeking to have the safeguard.
The same agreement applies to Amendment No 1, relating to recital 4.
We have taken note of this, but I do not believe that it was mentioned yesterday during the discussion.
We will preserve the Parliament's autonomy and reject any type of guardianship over the Parliament.
I would sum this up by saying that on the question of health, we do not want to enter into a compromise, nor do we want to compromise on the issue of industrial crimes.
It is also necessary to be clear about the risks to the public and the environment and to alleviate justified public concern with accurate assessments of the risk.
We do not believe that to be fair.
I am basically an optimist and believe that it is very feasible to familiarise oneself with this subject matter, although I am conscious of the interventions of several Members, the gist of which is that in the Committee matters are handled like in a cattle market, where funds are passed back and forth, and that documents are, to some extent, prepared worse than in a good many municipal councils.
These should progressively be engaged in first. As this process goes forward, we do not know exactly what will happen.
At present we estimate that some EUR 500 million will be needed in 2000 and EUR 500-700 million needed in 2001 and 2002.
That apparent contempt for international obligations is one of the main impediments to improved relations between the former Republic of Yugoslavia and the European Union and an impediment too to the reintegration of the former Republic into the international community.
I hope they can get that right.
So, if it can be proved that the producers had nothing to do with cases like the dioxin scandal, then it is worth considering putting an appropriate price on quality.
Can it be acceptable then, given that the European Union body responsible judged it the right time to lift the ban, that individual states, without producing and publishing a clear justification in terms of food safety, should maintain the beef ban This decision by the French government last week comes as a particularly bitter further blow to Scotland' s beef farmers, whose herds are predominantly grass-fed and did not have a BSE problem in the first place.
We should all be striving, however, to combine agricultural and energy policy in the sphere of renewable energy sources.
I tend to feel that the ECB wants to play fast and loose and I would like its President to clarify his position.
Mr Putin may perhaps have some short-term successes in the area of domestic politics, but he will not in the end solve the problem of minorities within Russia and the problem of a certain necessary decolonisation.
This is a particular source of pride as this Prize bears the name of a scientist, Andrei Sakharov who, suffering all kinds of hardship, lent his prestige to the fight for the freedom of the people of Eastern European countries against one of the most horrendous forms of totalitarianism seen this century.
I shall stop now.
Firstly, I very much approve of the Commission rating the Member States.
A reporting date at the end of 2002 would enable the Commission to fully evaluate the effects of the new type-approval test cycles being introduced from next year on the regulation of in-use emissions from new European vehicles.
I reflect with considerable sorrow at the dying-away of many of those fine words.
Competence for the civil and military issue lies with the Member States and, therefore, what the Commission can do is urge the Member States to implement this greater cooperation, promote it and assist in any every possible way: we are working with the different Member States one by one.
This is why, when we Europeans say that we are freezing aid to Russia, it is not with the intention of excluding Russia, but of integrating it into a shared system of values.
draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Budgets.
Could this be a taste of how the Council will handle the package of anti-discriminatory measures which the Commission proposed last week?
It may be of interest that this vade mecum has now turned into a guide. Why is this?
Honestly, I did everything I could, but there was no one who could help me.
I personally, for example, support Ajax but they manage to marry beauty, speed and tactics rather well.
