The report looks at the issue of harmonising the examination requirements for safety advisors working in the areas of transportation of dangerous goods by road, rail and inland waterway.
The proposals in Mrs Theato' s report seek to encourage the Commission to present a substantive legislative measure on the protection, under criminal law, of our financial interests, which would criminalise certain activity, specifically fraud against the Community budget. These proposals represent a serious attempt to establish a new and ever more urgently-needed uniform criminal law for the whole Community.
We would like to link the granting of all aid to the availability of the amounts due from the other donors.
Leopards do not change their spots.
I would therefore ask you, Mr Prodi, to make an explicit reference to this problem in your reply today.
We have reached a balanced agreement on cooperation in this area.
The ship was sinking and the captain realised that it was sinking and that it was not even going to make it to the next port.
Mr President, I would like to begin by emphasising, first of all, the timing and the topicality of this debate on the devastating floods in Mozambique.
I congratulate her for her efforts in trying to make sure that the habitats directive and associated directives are properly implemented.
I hope that the French State, the city of Strasbourg and the European Parliament will be able to take steps to put such small matters right in so expensive a building.
Mr President, we cannot give our assent to the general economic rationale of the resolution on the budget guidelines for the 2001 budgetary procedure as it now stands.
If I have understood - please correct me if I am wrong - you are going to withdraw your request to replace the item on the 'Non-proliferation Treaty' , and it is item IV that we shall be replacing, if the House agrees, of course.
This applies particularly to the "minimum guaranteed income" type of system. We must also ask ourselves why we in Europe have a system that is so state-led and so interventionist that it regulates the competitiveness of the economy in a damaging way, and which, in the guise of arguments about society and stability, sometimes conceals high-spending strategies and even, very often, strategies for helping their political cronies.
Concern was also expressed about the harmful effect on development of military expenditure, which is constantly increasing.
The Christian Democrats are playing a dangerous game.
A final consideration: Commissioner Barnier has said that, before the end of the Conference, we must resolve certain problems relating to the chain of command.
Defenceless, babies have no duties. They cannot have any.
That cannot work and it does not work.
The next item is Question Time (B5-0220/2000).
We are all aware, from newspapers or from conversations in corridors, that various countries in Europe, particularly the Nordic countries, regularly coordinate their positions in a framework that predates the Community decision-making process.
My own firm conviction is that it should be founded, first and foremost, upon the experience we have brought with us and which has engendered the values that we have articulated as the quintessence of European democracy and declared as the principles binding together the very fabric of the new Europe.
As I said, trafficking in people is not just about the problem of demand for prostitution.
On the other hand, as Mr Salafranca has pointed out very clearly, I also absolutely share his disagreement not only with the budgetary restrictions, but also with the difficult fact that obstacles are placed in the way of countries such as those in Central America in whose agreements certain clauses have been included, while we do not act in this way in other regions.
Communism and Europe in its current state represent equality expressed as the mobility of the power of society, which means that no changes need to be made to the current situation.
The first of these is a draft directive establishing sanctions against transporters who give lifts to illegal passengers.
This is a deadline that was set at Tampere for the approval of a legislative instrument which establishes common definitions, common incriminations and common punishments for trafficking in human beings, and specifically for trafficking in women and children for purposes of sexual exploitation. The Commission can reassure you on this point.
In all areas, we are witnessing a neo-liberal attack on public services, Community undertakings and employers' organisations.
Therefore I shall concentrate on some of the most pertinent issues, which have also been raised in the resolution drafted by your Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs.
I voted against the committee proposal along with other members of my Group.
We hear far too much about the precautionary principle.
75% of patents are delivered in English, and the current language in the world of intellectual property, in the world of patents, is English.
It was concluded but it was not ratified in the Member States required and therefore it never became operative and that is because we were not ambitious enough either in the jurisdiction or in the costs.
The report on the European Central Bank on Wednesday morning was issued at 8.00 p.m. the same day.
Mr President, today we have the opportunity to show our solidarity with the Venezuelan people, who last December experienced the consequences of a natural disaster which affected the coasts of the States of Vargas and Miranda and caused the deaths of 50 000 people.
The Commissioner made the same point.
Those who are rewarded in some way for undeclared work have no right to claim compensation at all and no other consumer rights.
Many thanks for your attention.
Why?
Bakopoulos report (A5-0168/2000)
So who is guilty of blocking it to date?
Each one of us can ask the question how important common quality monitoring is in our own environment.
EU leaders in Portugal last year laid down a framework of proposals whereby training in the use of the Internet would be extended to all primary and secondary schools across the European Union.
The Commission's cautious and diplomatic approach - if I may express it thus - be it on your part, Mr Fischler, or on the part of Commission President Prodi, has met with little response and hence no real progress on the other side - I am tempted to say the opposing side.
This is something of which I am convinced.
Last week, I received a great deal of material from the Turkish delegation of the Parliament dealing precisely with the internal conditions in these prisons.
It is all a matter of having the right rules.
I would like to warn my colleagues and all those present that now it appears that this regulation on transparency is turning into more of a regulation to shield the confidentiality of the work of the institutions, or, in other words, it has precisely the opposite objective.
This revised and updated regulation makes an important contribution to a modern environmental policy, in accordance with the principles of sustainable development, important for real improvement in the environmental behaviour of companies and also for the recognition of this improvement by others, particularly by consumers.
We in the Christian Democratic parliamentary Group PPE-DE are following the case.
Mr President, last week we saw television pictures of the presence of the European Parliament, the Commission, Mr Solana and Mr Patten in Belgrade.
My group therefore considers that this report is, in fact, too immature and too superficial to provide a substantial contribution to the discussion.
To Mrs Maes, I would say you are right that the battle against poverty is not over and has not been won.
It is unacceptable to reject measures to conserve depleted species because they would hurt completely unregulated fisheries for other depleted species.
That is why we have tabled Amendment No 11 by Mr Watson and Baroness Ludford, on the basis of which this penalty scheme does not apply if a person is seeking asylum.
We will wait for all the reports and will study the Commission' s behaviour in those situations, before passing judgment.
The basic ideas that the Commission intends to highlight are as follows.
Thirdly, the offshore gas turbines must also meet emission requirements.
I should like to acknowledge the understanding of the public and the level of cooperation between the authorities north and south of the border.
In this work, it is important that people receive on-going information in order to be able to assess connections and the whole picture.
That is understandable from his perspective, in which the aim of Europe is to create wealth and employment.
Assistants' statute
Firstly, a fully operational European passport needs to be created for investment firms.
The Committee on Foreign Affairs has therefore made it a priority to ensure that the decisions adopted by this House are also implemented.
When you choose such ambitious words, then you must expect to be judged by your actions.
I therefore hope that it will receive Parliament' s full and broad support because it will allow us to create an efficient instrument in the fight against organised crime.
But will all this be enough to make it clear that, without the cooperation of the United States, the battle on the world stage is a difficult one?
Any Christian denomination based on the Bible knows that abuse of women cannot be covered by the cloak of charity.
The Commission will seek to focus on strengthening cooperation with those UN entities that work in the areas identified by the EU and where working at the Community level provides added-value.
We can understand that.
There should also be immediate 100% compensation for the animals slaughtered on these farms.
It provides a fundamental new way of conducting commercial transactions and has far-reaching economic and social implications.
Let us move on to the proposals.
The EU Parliament too often closes its eyes to the persecution of such Protestants within its bounds.
They only aim to ensure that for the rules of competition between states, regardless of the scale of the consequences due to errors or negligence of the recognised organisation.
Not perfect, but an essential first step.
Madam President, my point also concerns the Irish referendum.
It seems to me less than prudent - and here I am referring to the speeches of some of my fellow Members - to start thinking about extending the purpose and scope of the Authority to include environmental issues and matters relating to traditional foods. These are issues to be dealt with by the market and the Member States.
First of all, I very much support what the common position states about the need to find a solution concerning employers and the self-employed.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, this is a suitable occasion to raise a topical point: we all have groups of visitors and we are glad to see large numbers of the general public in the EU coming to see us and, as is the case here, attending part-sessions.
The message we should send is that human rights are non-negotiable.
It is not an easy task, but we must have courage, as Mr Michel said, before he disappeared.
We shall not vote against.
According to information received from the field, the international response has been generous and the immediate needs seem to be covered.
It is not by using the threat of fines and penalties in the unrelenting attempt to apply poor texts, as Article 15 so clearly wants, that Europe will solve problems.
Extradition procedures between Member States cannot, in practice, be extinguished without common minimal standards for procedural law in order to guarantee fundamental rights.
Indeed a joint decision was taken in Genoa to reduce the size of delegations and the summit to be held in Canada next year will be much simpler and - we hope - more effective.
Thank you, Commissioner Fischler.
In recent years, we have witnessed an increase in terrorist activities both within the European Union' s borders and worldwide.
The resolve shown throughout the world proves that they did not succeed in their main objective, but the subsequent celebrations that took place in various locations show that the second objective could well have been achieved.
Almost every day, many demonstrations take place in Toulouse, in which thousands of people take part, chanting 'Never again, never again!' I would like everyone in this House to respond to them with 'Never again in Europe!'
This is vital if we are to know who is to be held answerable for policy implementation. After all, the principle of accountability is an essential part of the way democratic institutions operate.
Mr President, you cannot reconcile the idea of a good technocracy with a debate on democracy.
The acoustics in this Chamber are very, very poor. This is not a new thing, though.
They seem to worry the rapporteur.
This is entirely unacceptable in such cases and in breach of normal legal practice.
I wonder why it has not already been circulated to Members, as I believe it has already been circulated to the industry?
I applaud those companies that follow good practice, but many do not.
On looking into the matter more closely, we note that we have in some countries of the European Union almost full employment, but in others unemployment - and, in particular, youth unemployment - on a frightening scale.
The law on employment contracts is 'made more flexible' but in reality it is relaxed.
I was not breaking the peace, but trying to keep the peace by helping to rid the world of nuclear weapons.
It is entirely unacceptable in a democracy for laws to be made behind closed and bolted doors on behalf of 380 million people and without there being any public scrutiny.
The European Union' s common position on Cuba remains the basis of the European Union' s policy on this country.
The European Union is made up of sovereign states, each with a seat in the United Nations and, so far, each boasting its own currency.
Basically, a measure of this kind would tend to criminalise social activism by bringing fundamental rights into question.
Lagendijk report (A5-0386/2001)
As previous speakers have said, it is one of the so-called Southern agreements, an agreement under which shipowners contribute to the economic costs by paying for licences.
We must clearly take this into account.
The way the matter was dealt with by the Council, however, was more reminiscent of a farce, which, according to the German newspaper Die Welt, put even all the soap operas in the shade.
I myself know people who have been living in my country for ten years, and everyone says that they are perfectly integrated, despite the fact that they still have some difficulties with French.
Progress has been made, for example, in such areas as access to finance and the exchange of good practice.
Due to this feeling of fait accompli, the frustration of national politicians - a word that one of you used - is not only directed at the Commission, but also at the Council and the European Parliament.
Here, too, we need to assume responsibility for our soldiers, which means that we have information systems of our own and are no longer dependent on third countries.
We welcome the emphasis on a civil project intended ultimately to be commercially viable in a number of fields such as communications and Earth observation, as well as position - finding.
The idea that functional illiteracy affects over 10% of the European Union' s population is horrifying, to say the least, in a developed society in which Europe is pursuing ambitious goals such as those set by the Lisbon Council: firstly, the need for every citizen to have the necessary skills to be able to live and work in the new information society; and secondly, to make Europe the most competitive, dynamic economy in the world.
Parliament's role must be a constructive one.
It is the very least that we can demand of a country that will tomorrow be taking part in the Convention on the future of Europe.
First, the Commission should improve and speed up cooperation with national agencies even more.
Therefore, as well as the 'Everything but arms' initiative, the Commission has proposed technical aid initiatives for these countries, so that they can better defend their interests and ultimately achieve a fairer system.
It is not advisable for a parliament to financially restrict itself in this way.
But enough joking. We have just voted on the relevant part in relation to electricity.
That means that we have to increase demand.
They also clarify the eligibility of some civil society actors.
The rapporteur has already described the importance of the fruit and vegetable sector for the countries of southern Europe, so there is no need for me to do so.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the Commission shares Parliament's concern about the current situation in Columbia and also shares the view expressed in the resolution, that negotiations are the only feasible way of helping to resolve the long-standing conflict in Columbia.
There is much talk at the moment about speeding up adjustment and about the many challenges facing a changing Europe. It is essential to have a clear idea of what can and cannot wait.
I also thank the Commission and the Council for their willingness to seek compromises, and now hope that today's vote will enable us to complete this report, and that we will then begin a new chapter in the history of aviation safety in Europe.
The Presidency of the Union has not been inactive over recent weeks.
But we remain deeply concerned about the general human rights situation.
Mr President, Commissioner, my heartfelt thanks are due today to Mrs Martens and Mrs Avilés Perea for their reports on the programme of action for mainstreaming gender equality in development cooperation and on the annual report for 2000.
It has been stated in quite a few newspaper articles that the Commission intends linking demands for liberalisation of services in other countries to a reduction in, or removal of, EU export subsidies in the agricultural sphere.
We believe that the experience gained over the past two years, clearly set out in our proposals, proves that the Stability Pact can also function in situations of economic slowdown.
We cannot talk about a global partnership for sustainable development without highlighting the link between poverty and environmental destruction.
We must have confidence - we do have confidence - in the many highly competent dealers who will take the appropriate commercial decisions.
Poland and the Czech Republic need to continue with the restructuring process that has been underway for more than a decade and with this proposal we are giving them a framework in which to carry out those changes.
In formally adopting new tools for impact analysis and consultation, the Commission also wants to promote a new culture of transparency, participation and challenge.
I want to say publicly, here and now, that I shall be voting against the amendments tabled by those advocates of transparency - a strange transparency indeed!
Likewise, no disbursement of funds has been made under programmes such as Urban, Interreg or Leader in the year in question.
That is a point on which the Council has also expressed some reservations.
Furthermore, the growth in demand in the transport sector is causing increased dependence on oil- or natural gas-producing third countries.
fight illegal immigration and the trafficking of human beings;
I think that we have moved forward on each of the Presidency's priorities, despite the problems and uncertainties that we have faced during past months.
The Council has, in the main, concentrated exclusively on a 'Fortress Europe', and the document that deals with the actual causes is too weak and ineffectual.
Today, we have the opportunity of turning this fine concept into reality.
Whilst the introduction of cross-border blocks of airspace represents a step towards the necessary integration of European airspace, it can only come about with the agreement of all the States concerned.
The question of safety of nuclear fuel shipments is an urgent one.
To some extent, this observation is based on the report that the anti-terrorist monitoring group formed by the UN sent to the Security Council today.
Mr President, firstly I wish to thank the budget rapporteurs, Mr Färm and Mr Stenmarck, who have done some excellent work and aided the Committee on Budgets in its task.
There is even less information available regarding employers' organisations.
The third, which is submitted by the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market, concerns the application of Community law by the Member States.
Furthermore, the initial allocation of emissions allowances, which will first of all be based on national plans, should be harmonised as from 2008 in accordance with a comitology procedure the nature and criteria of which we have very little knowledge of, and all of this seems to us much too vague and more detail is required.
I refer to the role and structure of the so-called coordinator, who is in future to be appointed for a financial conglomerate.
Mr President, I believe we need to reflect very deeply on the issue of immigration.
B5-0603/2002 by Mr Gahler and others, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, on the case of Hashem Aghajari in Iran;
Mr Balfe, neither of the diplomats will be allowed to enter the House.
After that, the taxation authorities would turn up and seize all the business's accounts documentation for critical analysis.
We have already formally stated that we are ready to take account of the terms of such a settlement in the accession arrangements for Cyprus, and we will endeavour to do so if such an agreement is reached.
It will certainly be far more possible for them to accept a UN settlement should there be a firm prospect of membership for motherland Turkey itself.
You say that the president of the Council could not seek compromise at the same time as making proposals.
The Commission remains of the view that prophylactic vaccination of the entire susceptible livestock population or even particular species is not advisable for sound scientific, technical and economic reasons.
We also welcome the confirmation that the Union is prepared to replace the military operation in Macedonia as soon as possible.
The parliamentary records are full of calls from this body for action on maritime safety.
Mr President, I will be very brief, because I know that time is flying by and that you have a very full agenda.
Why is this decision so long in coming?
The seat behind the wheel in buses and lorries is a back-breaking place of work.
My group opposes the oral amendments.
That is something we would do very well.
No one can judge what will be in this report, but the military build-up of American and British troops in the Middle East is certainly an ominous sign that conflict in Iraq is a very real possibility.
We must be guided by the need for adaptation of the mechanisms for encouragement and support.
The elderly play a very valuable role in our society.
Item 67:
Until now the navy has agreed to test their equipment a long way off from the coast, and away too from known marine mammal breeding grounds and migratory routes.
The Union's document, approved by the Foreign Affairs Ministers the other day, is evidence that divisions can be avoided in our continent, divisions which Saddam Hussein could exploit to gain time and to create further setbacks for the United Nations.
It is a very sad reality that, as on the many previous occasions when we have discussed Belarus, the focus is on a number of very difficult subjects: on the whole question of the cases of disappeared persons; on the harassment of the media; on the limitations on the freedom of speech and the freedom of religion; on the recent open confrontation by the authorities in Belarus with the OSCE Assistance and Monitoring Group in Minsk.
Now for my second question. You have announced your intention of creating a category of pre-accession aid that will, in future, include Bulgaria and Romania, and that aid will be increased.
The EU's task is, instead, to prevent drug dependence by means of coordinated efforts to combat crime involving, for example, the import and smuggling of drugs into the EU.
In any event this question only arises when US Customs have direct access to the airlines' databases.
It is very important that there should be bodies committed to equality at all levels of society and that these bodies should comprise as many women as men.
I would like to underline once more that there is no direct link between the quantities of pesticides used and the risks they can pose to health and environment.
However, could you not take action more rapidly?
We urgently need to recognise that the myth of zero immigration and its corollary, the all-repressive approach, are a failure.
Some countries are spending as much as 70% or more on personnel and maintenance.
Does the Council intend to protest against the ten-year prison sentences handed down to three Saharawis in March?
I therefore believe Amendment No 6 provides a sensible solution to the problem. It rightly calls on the Commission to present a proposal on the matter in 2003.
It involves heavy, ongoing investment.
Let us talk about an international hit film, a European film that has been a success around the world.
I should like to point out however that it is not only the task of the military to keep Muslim radicalism at bay, but of all responsible leaders.
I appreciate the difficulties that remain regarding the issues of refugees and settlements but I do call on leaders from both sides to stand firm in their support of the Roadmap.
(Parliament adopted the text)
(PT) We regret that the Council has still not pronounced on how it is going to finance the reform of the common fisheries policy and has not reached an agreement on the provision of additional appropriations for the supplementary measure on scrapping fishing vessels, when the Commission proposed an extra EUR 32 million in 2003, financed through the flexibility instrument.
Five of the nine people for whose disappearance the IRA claims responsibility remain unaccounted for.
The report highlights for example the continuing high levels of unemployment and poverty in some Member States and rightly calls for solutions to these problems to be treated as a priority in Community policies, not least in the forthcoming mid-term review of the CAP, the Structural Funds and the Stability Pact.
I regret to say that they detract attention not only from the reconstruction work in progress and the necessary measures for a speedy return to normality but also from the many indications of a genuine renewal: exchanges of opinions, freedom of religious practice, institutions representing an initial, albeit hesitant, stage of democracy, and the attempt to re-establish equal opportunities and rights.
European citizens consume millions of copies of disks and books and buy millions of tickets to the cinema and concerts every year.
The aid to the countries in the area of the Baltic Sea should be linked closely to a rapid halt to voyages undertaken by single-hulled vessels.
There will be other negotiators, other issues, other timeframes.
The European Union must take decisive initiatives in order to prevent any danger of expansion and must propose specific solutions and ways of applying them.
How much have we spent solving the health problems in Belarus?
The first area is to develop the political will to achieve integration, the hallmark of which will increasingly be foreign policy and the common European defence policy.
The United States does not benefit from having an obedient follower.
As regards Bulgaria and Romania, I agree with you.
This compromise was based on three key ideas, which have been this Parliament’s banner over the last ten years: achieving greater democracy, achieving greater efficiency and achieving greater transparency.
Personally, I never forget that, in the various meetings I was able to have on the French coast, all the maritime professionals always insisted, following the damage caused by the , that security began in the ports.
The importance of intercultural dialogue was recognised very early in the Barcelona Process and it has found expression in joint programmes to assist the development of cultural heritage, audio-visual co-productions and youth exchanges.
The Northern Dimension is particularly important for certain priority sectors in which potential added value is greatest, such as the economy, business, infrastructure, human resources, education, culture, scientific research, health, the environment, nuclear safety, natural resources, cross-border cooperation and regional development, as well as justice and home affairs.
The image of Srebrenica symbolises our failure to act.
While congratulating the rapporteur, I should also like to ask – if this card is to become a reality – that the Commission and all MEPs stress to Member State governments that they must not see this merely as a technical step forward.
There are even divergences in the criminal law provisions in different Member States.
Now the same data can be browsed on a computer from your own office or study.
The way that Romania is now, few consider joining that much larger country a matter of urgency.
It bears witness to vision, but it also has the disadvantage of being a big plan that has not been developed from the bottom up.
In this regard, loutish acts of racism and xenophobia, or those associations that advocate certain cultural identities, must be completely outlawed.
   Like the best plastic surgeons, Minister, thank you for those uplifting remarks!
The cost was said to be ruinous, although it is about the same as building a little more than 100 km of high-speed railway line.
We think that we are justified in this course of action in a year in which so much has been amiss.
The debate is closed.
The loss of Sergio Vieira de Mello was a cause of particular sadness.
We must therefore call a halt and instead go down the opposite route.
I believe that asking corrupt and inefficient public utilities to provide this service is wrong.
It would have been very useful for us.
Could we really expect anything strong, however, from a resolution, which, like many others in this Assembly, is the result of a compromise between the right and the socialists?
We must do more to advance the Lisbon strategy so as to ensure the Union becomes the most competitive knowledge-based economy in the world by 2010.
In the constitutional debate, France and Germany hold forth about the need to move Europe forward, but they are the very ones who have persistently ignored the common ground rules.
In spite of the success of enlargement and of the ever greater importance of the EU in people’s everyday lives, it is still a fact that we politicians are not good enough at delivering the message to the people.
The section of the project relating to track gauge shifting facilities will provide experiences that can be drawn on also in other places in the EU that have problems with the linking of railway networks with different track gauges, for example between the Baltic countries and Central Europe and between Russia and the EU.
That is why we must provide a solid counterweight against market forces.
   . I wish to record my support for this report as a major step forward in facilitating the application of the 'polluter pays' principle.
I say 'finally' because Parliament had waited for more than one and a half years.
I warned against this as long ago as 5 September 2001 when we discussed the Poos report on Cyprus' accession to the EU.
   I have voted against the resolution (adopted by 422 votes to 30, with 47 abstentions) prior to Cyprus’s referendums on 24 April, because the European Parliament would thus be contributing to the Turkish occupation of the northern part of the island.
Having failed to find any other excuse to regurgitate their slander of the Cuban people, they remembered the anniversary of the decisions by the courts which sentenced agents of US imperialism and decided to celebrate it.
The Constitution alone will make the European Union stronger, more effective and more democratic, rather than merely larger.
As from today, the reunification of Cyprus is a European problem, and so we must again seize the initiative.
Member States have agreed most of the common asylum policy, but have lowered standards of protection to do so.
I hope that the climate of cooperation that existed at the last meeting with Russia will continue to prevail when, in a few days, in just a couple of weeks, we have the bilateral summit with that country in Moscow.
Mr Ortuondo Larrea
We must ensure that we are involved and make our contribution so that the Iraq of tomorrow is a still better Iraq.
The next item is questions to the Council.
A forecast belied by the terrible picture before our eyes: despair in the Palestinian camp, growing terrorism and fundamentalism, crisis in the Palestinian Authority and fear in Israeli society, which gives Prime Minister Sharon the opportunity to unleash indiscriminate repression and to proceed undaunted with the construction of the wall.
Furthermore, in the case of GM, these workers – and I am well aware of this, since this has been the case in the Figueruelas plant, in my region of Aragón – have just signed an agreement in which they have demonstrated a great capacity for negotiation, dialogue, foresight and adaptation to the demands for flexibility, specifically with a view to anticipating cycles, but despite that, the management – not the management in Aragón, but the European management – has once again abandoned them.
   We are voting in favour of the cooperation agreements with Russia, Ukraine, Georgia, Kyrgyzstan, Moldova, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Azerbaijan and Armenia in accordance with this report.
If Belarus decides to choose the path of democracy and rule of law, where the population decides on its own economic and political future, the EU is prepared to make Belarus the same offer as other neighbouring countries.
Turkey is a member of the Organisation of the Islamic Conference, a religious organisation for cooperation among the world's Muslim states.
Female poverty is not a law of nature.
I have always been in favour of extending their mandate.
The ultimate goal for all of us must be to provide the best possible service to the citizen.
The same restrictions must apply to them as have been introduced against Belarus.
The news reaching us from the Council is at times imprecise and partial, often because that institution tends to be rather secretive.
We are clearly opposed to the EU’s introducing its own forms of taxation, for that would lead to a loss of overall control of taxation.
The European Council reached a political agreement on the draft at its meeting on 27 and 28 May.
The State has continued to silence critical voices, imposing fines, systematically suspending and closing newspapers, harassing journalists and taking criminal action against them.
This last point has not been addressed this afternoon, even though an ageing population clearly has economic and social implications for our future.
   . Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, we do not believe that there is anything substantial to be added to what has been said by the President-in-Office of the Council, Mr Asselborn, and by the President of the Commission, Mr Barroso.
   Thank you.
Mr President, I would like to say in response to Mr Papadimoulis that, with regard to the directive on port services, the text proposed by the Commission defines the expression ‘self-handling’ and its application in a more detailed way than had been previously done.
The Swedish Government Offices’ information note 2003/04:FPM113 states that there has been a ‘marked increase in the amount of fraud in connection with the certification procedure’.
I do not think that we really have much hope that those elections will follow proper democratic procedures.
I believe that Europe should show the way, working with others of course, but we must do so in order to achieve progress in this cause.
A special school of 47 children was having a fundraiser; as a parent, I attended.
I am very much aware that conditions in some countries mean that they cannot compete.
   . Mr President, the United Nations declaration adopted in New York two days ago is an important victory for all women.
We need to improve our capacity for turning what comes out of research into innovation, and to do so everywhere.
Reform of the sugar market is, for us Hungarians, especially important.
The answer to this question can be found in international law, in particular the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties.
On closer inspection, however, it unfortunately becomes apparent that ‘old boy networks’ still operate in many of these Balkan states.
The burning of churches and related events in Indonesia must surely still be fresh in your minds.
Thus, the report to be put to the vote and the amendments to it – not the Commission's proposal, Mr Papadimoulis – do not accept the extension; they put an end to the derogation from the 8-hour day, they do not accept the Commission's proposal for an upper limit of 65 hours, they safeguard the 48-hour week and, in all events, they propose that conditions of work and safety and the need for free time and lifelong learning be safeguarded.
As of 1941, our allies in the war against Germany included the Soviet Union.
Now I understand that the provost of Columbia University in New York has issued instructions on how he would like graduate teachers dealt with and punished.
They are to adapt the guidelines to the shape of the European Union of 25 Member States, to authorise the financing of common-interest projects, to make it possible to create an internal market for gas and electricity and, principally, to ensure that there is security of supply via interconnections between the Member States and with neighbouring countries: south-east Europe, the Mediterranean countries, Ukraine, Belarus.
Ladies and gentlemen, we all the while need to ensure that the operational reliability of energy does not lead to wastefulness, but savings.
The reinsurance market now has no barriers to trade and it will have a strong supervisory framework across Member States when this directive goes through.
We therefore propose the removal of any reference to Islam in this document, because otherwise we could be producing a list of those who are potential terrorists.
In order to reduce the EU’s budget, we wish to revise the agreement from 2002 concerning agricultural expenditure and to carry out an overhaul of regional aid, with priority instead being given to the poorest regions.
We also attach particular importance to joint and collective action to combat AIDS.
Secondly, the indigenous population, peasants, and the long queues of the unemployed are largely excluded from economic and political life.
We should pause for thought but not be passive.
I should like to take the opportunity to express my particular thanks to Prime Minister Juncker and Mr Schmit for having done so.
Whatever else people disagree upon in Europe today, they at least agree on one point: Europe is in the midst of a profound debate about its future.
Welcome to the club, TonyYou are welcome to do this job.
You say that you want to make progress in the fight against crime and illegal immigration, but how can we believe you when, for the last ten years, the United Kingdom has systematically opposed police and judicial cooperation?
In Parliament’s present motion for a resolution, the Member States are requested to revise the provisions laid down in a protocol in 1965.
On that issue the Commission maintains a certain degree of flexibility.
In my view, it would not be useful or appropriate for the international community to force yet another blueprint upon its citizens.
I agree with the initial point she made, that Europe has a leading role to play in this regard.
Important socioeconomic benefits of the programme will also be lost.
I do not believe there is a single European country that can boast an electoral turnout of almost 90%, as recorded in the elections held in Ethiopia on 15 May of this year.
I now hope that all MEPs, including the Socialists, will see sense and either completely remove natural radiation from this directive, or at least pass the compromise that we voted for in committee and leave it up to Member States.
Sadly, I have not been approached by any Bavarian barmaids, but my door is always open should they wish to see me.
Understandably, I have not been able to discuss every single amendment, but the Commission’s position on all of the amendments has been communicated to Parliament’s services(1).
Variable patent protection is impracticable and entails a considerable administrative burden.
Minister, today there is as yet no framework for data protection under the third pillar, under which the Council is promoting its initiative.
First, I would like to congratulate the rapporteur, Mr Bowis, on his report.
If we abandon the heart of asylum policy, we jeopardise human rights and take an axe to the pillars supporting that community of values that is the European Union.
I hope that, in all of our outermost regions, whether in the areas surrounding small towns, larger towns or in any other areas, the EUR 1 100 000 000 that we obviously hope will be released will enable us to realise the harmonious development for which we all hope and pray.
I welcome the recognition of the role of India as a regional power with global aspirations which shares a common vision with the EU on key factors such as democracy, multilateralism, trade, investment, development and many other issues.
We appreciate the initiative of holding a European Parliament hearing on the situation of the minorities in Vojvodina on 13 October.
We need a consensus on economic policy.
Such a life precludes personal growth, and makes life hell for the 60 000 people who commit suicide each year and for the countless masses of addicts dying by degrees.
One of the amendments in the budget this year has details on that.
   Mr President, I apologise for being late, as a result of which I missed some of the response by the President-in-Office, but, as we are discussing Serbia, let me tell you that I was in Kosovo last week – the Albanian part of Serbia’s northern province to be precise – where people are extremely worried about the fate of 2 500 people who are still missing.
We have conducted a mid-term review, and expressed the criticism that these methods will not work on their own.
Certainly I agree with these remarks.
I can endorse the thrust of the Rescue Reach Plan of the Group of the Greens, although I do not support the removal of use and exposure categories.
   Mr President, the Commission’s proposal concerning trapping leaves a very great deal to be desired.
   Mr President, I want to use this debate as an opportunity to highlight the impact that small arms and light weapons are having on the human rights of so many people.
I realise some honourable Members believe strongly that the human rights situation in these countries is so bad that the Council must take punitive action – through blanket EU sanctions or through a cut or even a complete abandonment of EU aid.
The international community learned their story recently thanks to the media.
The Commission thanks the European Parliament for the quick handling of the minimum standard VAT rate proposal and in particular the rapporteur, Mr Becsey, for his active and positive contribution.
My problem is the fact that there are 300 prisoners of conscience in Cuba, whose only crime is to have called for democracy and to have challenged Mr Castro’s authority.
The report by Mrs Attwooll accurately illustrates the role that they have played and the role that women’s networks may yet play in this field and calls upon national administrations and the Commission to continue providing and intensifying their support.
National and international telephone helplines need to be set up and publicised on national and local television.
I wholeheartedly support the Council’s views on the second reading; everything else goes distinctly too far.
That economy was to be capable of high economic growth rates and poverty reduction.
Parliament has thus taken a consistent and ambitious political position that I very much welcome.
We can rejoice that our pressure and that exerted by the Americans – for it is good that we are cooperating in this – has resulted in the release of prisoners, but, while certainly acknowledging this, we know that they are still going to be put on trial.
This is strong proof that the prize had been given to the right people.
That brings me to the second point I want to make, which is that we, in this House, can draft – and, indeed, adopt – the best of directives, but that is pointless if there is no willingness or desire in the Member States to monitor them in a systematic manner.
One of its sources is overly intensive chicken farming, which is also not ideal.
In order to guarantee high operating standards, SOLVIT has recently introduced a range of improvements to facilitate communication between networks and the individuals or entrepreneurs seeking solutions to their problems.
As regards the regulations on natural radiation, it has to be said that the Commission missed the mark by a long way, for the original proposal for a directive required employers to commission comprehensive assessments of the risks associated with sunlight and bureaucratic action plans to deal with them, which would have involved employers having to provide t-shirts and suncream for workers working outdoors.
It will ensure more growth and more new jobs in Europe, and will be good for workers, entrepreneurs and for Europe.
Emotions on the draft directive ran high from the outset.
Time, and the growing poverty in many developing countries, is therefore pressing.
The new Member States expect the European Union's old-timers to open their labour markets to the newcomers as soon as possible, believing that the old-timers will only benefit from this, although it is the sovereign right of each one of the old Member States to do this before it actually becomes compulsory.
Why is the Commission not prepared to simply say, on the basis of its own criteria: this is how far we have come, these are the figures, and this is how far we can go?
This threat will not materialise if the increase in revenue created by greater productivity is sufficiently high and is not limited to individual countries but also applies to integrated economies such as those of the EU.
The dispute is with the United States, in particular – and when I say United States, I mean the large multinationals.
   Mr President, the idea of promoting crops for non-food purposes is excellent and very timely.
The coordinators might then form a body of their own, consulting among themselves and using best practice methods and benchmarking to achieve progress.
Gas from Russia, oil from the Middle East; energy which will constantly increase in price as a result of excess demand from China and India.
We have also underlined the place of our citizens in the lawmaking process.
It is the same water.
If, on the other hand, you believe that the EU will look the other way, you will be penalised.
Let us look at the parallel consequences:
   Mr President, Commissioner, esteemed rapporteurs, ladies and gentlemen, like the previous speakers, I too wish to emphasise how important the regional and national linguistic minorities are in this connection.
Could you tell me anything more about this timetable, which will be set after the autumn?
This is an issue that cannot be resolved in the near future, therefore, but needs lengthy preparation.
It has proved possible to orient the guidelines towards the principle of sustainable development.
It was on 17 January 2006 that we adopted Mrs Prets’ report on ‘Strategies to prevent the trafficking of women and children who are vulnerable to sexual exploitation’; in March 2006 we adopted an oral question with a resolution on forced prostitution during international sporting events, and furthermore, on 8 March of this year, we organised the ‘red card to forced prostitution’ campaign in this House.
Are we going to let one or two countries create a more advanced Europe while letting the others lag behind?
There can be no further enlargement without an improvement in the decision-making mechanisms, without a sufficient budget, without new resources and without a genuine agreement on the nature of the European project.
   How many times will it be necessary to repeat in this House that the European Constitution has twice expired: once on 29 May 2005 in France, and again on 2 June in the Netherlands?
Only in this way will there be a chance to develop rural spaces as a whole.
I should like to congratulate him, all his colleagues, the members of his government, the permanent representative – all his team – for a very successful Presidency.
However, I think it is unfortunate that real, substantial decisions have not been reached even during the Austrian Presidency on issues that are always postponed, such as the regulation of working hours.
If this threat materialises, thousands of jobs will be lost and the social and economic impact will be devastating.
Taking this into account, I support Mr Hatzidakis’ motion to vote in favour of the proposed regulation.
Firstly, where energy is concerned, a legally binding framework needs to be agreed on by Russia and the European Union, and, if not the energy charter – concerning which Mr Barroso has announced new initiatives – then it must be some other legally binding framework that is transparent to both parties and valid in both of them.
We must not let the truth be distorted by putting responsibility for the unacceptable developments on the imprisonment of one Israeli soldier.
This is where the principle of citizenship takes us.
   The debate is closed.
I would like to send a message of support and solidarity from the European Parliament and call upon the Community’s authorities to monitor the process and assess whether any initiative or proposal for Community protection against these risks is appropriate.
That is the reason why I will not be voting in favour of this report or of the Commission proposal.
It has to be emphasised that maritime pollution is not just something that happens as a result of disasters.
The trend is therefore towards the increasingly neoliberal path of the so-called ‘Lisbon Strategy' and ‘Stability Pact’.
In return for our agreement to abstain at the end rather than voting against, the Socialists agreed to let this amendment pass.
The EU is China’s most significant partner and investor, while China is the EU’s second largest trading partner.
We have overtly encouraged this within our own borders through the principle of free movement.
However, our citizens are also mobile throughout the world and they can end up in all sorts of improbable situations and scrapes that involve them dealing with civil law in the courts.
   – Mr President, I have voted in favour of Mr Belder’s report, and would like to congratulate him on the work he has done.
On the contrary.
In what we consider one of our most important achievements, in July of this year we were able to turn on electricity and water to parts of our capital city, Monrovia, for the first time in 15 years.
It is on this account that Turkey must now stay strong in pursuing and strengthening the reform process that it has itself courageously begun.
That is a possibility for the second trading period.
Libya has asked for help in controlling its southern border: its 2 000-km desert border is practically uncontrollable, and one of the requests that we have received is: ‘help us to control this border better, and we can help you to control people before they set off and, above all, to eradicate people trafficking,’ which unfortunately often takes place across the Mediterranean.
However, appropriate economic, education, employment and social policies had to be adopted to improve society’s capacity to adjust and enhance social cohesion while pursuing productivity growth.
(The President cut off the speaker)
Finally, I am delighted that this report features another point to which I am particularly attached, namely the status of women who arrive on EU territory within the context of the family reunification process.
Mr President, first of all I think this is a very timely discussion.
When we started discussing this issue, only one or two Member States shared the attitude that Member States could take more responsibility.
We need to move forward on immigration and innovation policy and we still have important proposals to adopt in areas like labour law, copyright levies, neighbourhood policy, CO2 emissions from cars and emissions trading.
For the first time also, a transversal action will support multilateral projects and networks in that field.
in writing. - (FR) In Germany, Liberia, Chile and, even more recently, in the United States Congress, the appointment of women to key posts has been widely applauded.
Russia and the European Union must recognise that this spells the end of a certain method of resolving issues between Moscow and the EU, and in particular between Moscow and some of the stronger and richer Member States.
In my view, it is necessary that we start to intensify our work for institutional reform.
The opponents of civil society have taken advantage of the inflexibility of our bureaucracy, and have criticised the adherence to programme documents as if they were scripture.
It is a pity that it did not match earlier rhetoric.
The lack of compromise at second reading would have either led to adoption of a virtually unchanged common position or to a long-drawn out conciliation, with the possible consequence of the entire proposal being withdrawn or rejected.
Many concessions had to be made and many contradictory interests reconciled in order to attain it.
From a very early age, children are consumers and quickly take to these technologies.
The common achievement of this objective will be an excellent gesture vis-à-vis the new Member States of the European Union, which now include Romania and Bulgaria.
We have to put our house in order before we are able to enlarge.
I am particularly pleased to note that Mr Brok's report clearly specifies that close multilateral relations do not mean an alternative to fully-fledged membership, but an additional opportunity for countries which are currently a long way off from achieving fully-fledged membership.
The European Council's adoption of this approach would unambiguously demonstrate that this is a common problem, to which the Union will provide a common solution.
Welcome
The overwhelming majority of the parliament elected in May, as well as all the major democratic forces, with the deplorable exceptions indicated by my fellow Member, Mr Szent-Iványi, are on the side of democracy there.
This question must be dealt with alongside the present package.
In a single market, size must not matter.
Madam President, This is a very important report with different emphases.
President-in-Office of the Council.
I would add that I met Mr Virrankoski to discuss this issue - I am grateful to him for the constructive meeting that we had last week - and that it seems, moreover, that my fellow coordinator, Mr Busk, shares this opinion, if the e-mail that he sent me is anything to go by.
I feel strongly that the US has failed dramatically in the reform of the farm bill, while we in the European Union have been reforming and continue to reform our agricultural policy.
With their proposal, the Americans are also ignoring the concerns of Russia, which, rightly or wrongly, regards the rocket shield as a provocation, or even as a threat to its domestic security.
Is it not an admission of defeat on the part of the Commission that it is a consumer organisation that has to, for example, determine with a tour operator the compensation to be awarded to hundreds of escheated passengers in Belgium, as happened during the Christmas holidays?
The longer we wait, however, the more serious it becomes.
What is more, the need for a European response designed to mitigate the competitive disadvantage from which the island regions suffer is all the greater inasmuch as increased European competitiveness in an international context is demanded nowadays.
in writing. - (FR) Mr Voggenhuber's report claims that all European legislation should be subject to the Charter of Fundamental Rights, that veritable ideological rag-bag, and therefore that this Charter should be made binding.
This is clarity to which the Kosovars are entitled, to which the Serbs are entitled and also to which the European public is entitled.
Madam President, Commissioner, honourable Members, despite my belief that not all stones were left unturned in our joint efforts to bring the Serbian side to support the final deal, I welcome the Lagendijk report because it emphasises the need to obtain the consent of both parties involved.
The fundamental objective of the seven proposals making up the package is to increase the safety of our seas.
Security at football matches (vote)
I must, however, express some doubts about the way in which the results of this exercise are used, and here I am addressing the Council, which is sadly absent.
Fifthly, the Commission itself has recognised the damage inflicted on Poland and Lithuania by the quota system.
There are still two plenary sessions to be held right here in Strasbourg before the end of the German Presidency, and we have taken things well in hand.
For me too as an MEP it is hard to understand why the offices of one Member State refuse to recognise marriage certificates or confirmations of citizenship as stated in normal documents.
Finally, if the Netherlands opts for a Treaty, and a sound one at that, then I hope that the Prime Minister will blaze a trail in his own country, along with leaders of the other coalition parties, to inform the Dutch people and also get them onboard in good time, so that a real debate can underpin positive support for Europe.
It was a pleasure to hear Mr Dehaene speak.
This kind of freedom is no freedom at all.
The serious situation of this stock is therefore self-evident and, while it is crucial to take account of the socio-economic perspective, it is primarily the ecological status which requires recovery, that is of paramount importance.
It is good legislation because it enables us to send a clear signal to the many EU citizens who have asked us to do something to prevent dogs and cats from being used for fur production.
That it is, in any case, not our way of doing things.
If Article 38 is one of them, then why is the European Parliament not formally consulted?
That fundamental argument still holds good today.
President of the Commission. (PT) Mr President, Prime Minister, honourable Members, I should like first of all to extend a very special greeting to the Prime Minister of Portugal at the start of the Portuguese Presidency.
And then, I should like to invite you to open the debate on the issue of the exchange rate.
If you look at the letter, it does not say Luis Amado, Foreign Minister to the President of the Council of the Union, it says Luis Amado, Portuguese Foreign Minister, and it was exclusively on that basis that the letter was signed.
Vietnam has made considerable progress in terms of economic and social rights.
There are one million job vacancies on the EURES portal, but at the same time free movement of labour is restricted.
Some would have wanted us to legislate on everything, others that everything should be done by the Member States.
I would like to address an important political aspect that some colleagues have already discussed: school milk.
Subject: Aid for trade
I cannot but express my regret that the European Parliament delegation previously planned will not be present there.
Therefore, a balance must be found between competitive economic policies and social policies.
They all said that, as long as the items were sold in toy shops and had a CE label, they felt quite confident.
I will focus on four main issues.
We have in particular insisted that the liaison officers of the European protection force should be present on the ground in order to ensure close links and a permanent exchange of information with the humanitarian organisations.
It is also correct to say that education systems are effective when the resources deployed produce the best possible results.
The next, and most important, is to stir up public opinion against farmers through the press, particularly the British press which will highlight the premiums received by Prince Charles and Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth, by the trade union leaders, the large farmers, and perhaps even the husband of Mrs Fischer Boel, who is a pig farmer.
A good way to improve the quality of services would be for the Union's institutions to take the initiative and facilitate the exchange of best practice between airports.
Also, directives and regulations regarding airports should remain within the standards established and accepted by Annex No. 14 of the Chicago Convention.
To conclude on a more optimistic note, the report's strength lies, in my opinion, in its proposal for the European Strategic Energy Technology Plan.
Some Members fear that the mechanism will not work.
author. - (ES) Madam President, I naturally wish to add my voice to the vigorous condemnation of the killing of the members of the peace-keeping forces.
But you also need the support of this House, and I say to the colleagues opposite and to the Liberals: last month, on cars, you let us down on climate change because you watered down the Commission proposals.
A swift decision must and could be reached by taking account of those countries where cofinancing is already envisaged and where the projects have got off to a good start on a technical level.
We must let it be known that it is simply a feature of our security as a Union, and that we shall not cease being good neighbours.
While fully realising that the Commission cannot do everything for the countries in question, I would like to know if these countries draw from the experience of the European Union, where, during the last five years, the number of accidents has fallen by 50 percent.
Disasters are frequently multinational, they do not stop at borders, and I would thus call on the Commission to put forward initiatives with a view to protecting and supporting our citizens.
draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. - (IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the Committee on Foreign Affairs supports Commissioner Michel's proposal for an interinstitutional declaration on the European Consensus on Humanitarian Aid, but the individual governments of the 27 Member States are still pursuing national policy goals on humanitarian aid, which sometimes differ substantially from Europe's goals.
Never has it been clearer that the euro is a force for stability in the international financial system.
If, in pursuit of that strategy, we do not use all the means at our disposal in the European Union, including the guidelines - and perhaps especially the guidelines - we will get nowhere and we will merely foster disillusionment about the Union's ability to tackle globalisation.
In between, Madam Commissioner, your work, our work, is very positively reflected in Israel itself.
I should also like to salute him for being one of the very few prime ministers who does not hide what Europe is and should be to their own people.
Even if it is only contract law that is up for debate today, the need for action in other fields is evident: family law, inheritance law, administrative law - yes, even criminal law.
Even if the UK sector expanded fourfold by the end of the planting rights system, which is highly unlikely, it would still only represent 0.05% of total EU production, which is one 2000th of entire EU wine production.
First of all, I would like to thank all those who have prepared the annual report.
I believe that Europe is probably the greatest area of freedom, justice, human rights and rule of law. It has followed a consistent and constant path in its ever stronger and more solid defence of human rights.
There is also a very clear focus on energy efficiency.
Under these circumstances, increased action in the area of promotion and information is the only way to maintain the export competitiveness of EU agricultural products.
Ireland is one of the countries where the provisions of the Treaty will be put to a referendum; if the campaign in support of the Treaty is run on a visibly professional footing, I believe that the referendum will prove to be a great success.
I would therefore take this opportunity, in the presence of the Commission representative, to urge once again that no European funding should go to media which serve as a platform for racist ideas, with a widespread and potentially very dangerous impact on the public.
All the time both Parliament and the Commission said clearly: yes, we need the Agency, we see the sense of this institution and we foresee good cooperation between the Council of Europe and the Agency.
At the same time it is the Commission's duty to protect European consumers against toxic substances, for example azo dyes that are sometimes present in Chinese goods.
Many victims of the comfort women system have passed away or are at least 80 years old, which means speed is of the essence.
There has been much comment on Gordon Brown's late arrival at the signing ceremony, which some claim as reluctance.
In some countries, such as my own, Spain, the Parliament has approved a proposal to this end.
Be that as it may, it will enter into force.
I would like to say here that I fully understand the reasoning behind each of the amendments proposed by the rapporteur.
Using satellites, it is, for instance, possible to monitor the use and condition of land, study the effects of climate change and even forecast harvests.
After the Government's savings Sweden will only have 0.7 inspector per 10 000 employees.
I would like to thank my colleague Mr Schulz for the support our group gave the Slovenian Presidency and, as President of the largest opposition party in Slovenia - the Social Democrats - I would also like to assure this esteemed House that, in the light of the parliamentary elections which will follow the end of the Slovenian Presidency of the European Union, I will not use the European politics of the Slovenian Presidency of the European Union to make it a target or a victim of our common endeavours for Slovenian success in this important international task.
Up to a certain level they positively replace fossil energy, but on a larger scale they endanger the rainforests and the food supply of Third World countries.
The second important point is the social field.
(SK) The situation in the Slovak Parliament is tense and unusual.
I trust in the wisdom of the decision to be made by the General Affairs Council at its meeting this afternoon.
Moreover, this information is extremely sketchy, as is apparent from the 18th Structural Funds report.
Money is important, but is it not more important that we know how to teach languages better?
Even if the ratification of the treaty will be made in national parliaments in almost all the Member States, with one exception, I believe it is essential to inform the citizens of the European Union countries in order to have successful institutional reforms.
The risk of Commission departments tending to brush things under the carpet is almost nonexistent.
The sixth session of the Council which took place in September and December last year produced many important results, which I am not going to list here.
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - (PL) The Fourth Cohesion Report and the report by Mr Guellec highlight the success of cohesion policy in narrowing disparities between Member States.
Since the beginning of this year alone, three peaceful demonstrations have been brutally suppressed.
What is the context in which we are talking here?
In my own constituency it is estimated that we import a staggering 96% of our energy.
In the delegation's opinion it is necessary for environmental reasons, among others, to introduce 20% compulsory modulation and to strengthen the cross-compliance system.
Member of the Commission. - (FR) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, on my return from the mission to Chad from 20 to 22 January 2008, I had already stated that Chad ought to be an EU priority.
Secondly, it will benefit EU industry, which has a tremendous potential in this area.
(RO) The exclusion of senior citizens from the advantages of information technologies is problematic, especially as the number of those members of the European population between 65 and 80 years of age will soon reach 40%.
I have three additional comments to make.
I am also glad that NGOs in the field of development and women's rights have given a most positive assessment of the report.
On the one hand, the Commission needs to be more vigilant than ever with regard to violations of women's physical integrity and human dignity (in the form of torture, traditional practices of mutilation and forced marriage).
author. - (DE) Mr President, in the run-up to drafting this resolution, some of us were accused of being enemies or opponents of Russia.
Thank you, Commissioner.
Let us do the research and development so that we do not go backwards, but go forward with positive solutions.
In this context, I am happy to tell you that the Commission's Directorate-General for Education, Training, Culture and Youth is about to launch an assessment of the state of play of volunteering in Europe.
First and foremost, we should use the agricultural industry, which is ready to take up the challenge.
As you rightly pointed out in your question, Member States - in this case the United Kingdom - are responsible for distributing fishing opportunities amongst their vessels.
We need to ensure that host country collective agreements can provide for higher than minimum standards.
I am sorry, but you are speaking too fast for the interpreters.
Government forces regularly clash with rebels from armed groups from Darfur, who attack transports of humanitarian aid.
on behalf of the PPE-DE Group. - Madam President, here in Parliament we should be very seriously concerned about the recent escalation of an already tense situation in Georgia.
Also, what lessons can the Union give about freedom of religion when it embraces a country such as Turkey, which has massacred or driven out all its former minority religions and openly discriminates against the few that remain?
Entry on the register would allow interested lobbyists to access the European Parliament's premises, attend committee meetings and also to make contact with Members in their offices, but without disrupting their work.
I would urge you, Mr President, to convey our good wishes to the troops on the ground.
Of course, Parliament has already decided that it will ignore the decision of the Irish people if they vote 'no', and, in order to encourage the Irish to vote 'yes', the EU has promised Ireland another EUR 332 million in funding.
I would like to thank the Committee.
How should I, if I come from a third country, provide services in another country?
I and my party totally condemn the violence recently seen in Italy perpetrated against groups of people because of their ethnic origin.
That scheme covers all EU Member States, as well as Norway, Iceland, the Faroe Islands and Russia.
This signal is sent out, first and foremost, to food companies and the regulatory authorities.
I think it is crucial that the competent authorities in the different Member States do actually make use of the flexibility that is already provided for in the present Regulation, and exempt certain food companies from what is after all a very complicated HACCP procedure, on condition, of course, that the same standards of hygiene safety can be demonstrated and guaranteed.
This Directive is catastrophic for the European Union's attempt to make a name for itself as a body that campaigns internationally for human rights.
Reciprocal recognition of navigability licences for inland waterway vessels (codified version) (
For an incinerator to be efficient, it must be suitably filled.
I am in favour of 2010 being proclaimed European Year for Combating Poverty and Social Exclusion.
Another important point to remember is that the implementation of European food safety legislation required years of work and collaboration with industry professionals, who agreed to invest in order to meet the expectations of European citizens.
But one of the things that worries me deeply is that those who voted 'no' felt there were no risks in doing so: they felt, perhaps, the status quo would prevail.
Thanks to an impact detection sensor and a detonating mechanism, the bonnet rises by 65 millimetres in 0.40 seconds.
This can make an enormous difference in reducing car accidents on our roads.
This would allow time to see if the technology associated with tagging improves and if the cost comes down.
I am also grateful to Parliament for its support for our efforts to discover the best way of achieving energy efficiency and reducing CO2 emissions through intelligent technologies and for guiding us on the possible measures that could be taken.
In other words, is it possible for breaches of undertakings made voluntarily by a given country to result in some tangible and meaningful sanctions?
We must take the Irish 'no' seriously and we cannot simply revert to 'business as usual'.
I imagine the President will be given only a very few minutes, and the other speakers even less.
I have had the great privilege during my life of serving not just here but in the House of Commons and in local authorities in the United Kingdom.
President-in-Office of the Council. - (FR) Mr President, Mr Aylward, there is indeed an age gap in terms of the protection against child labour afforded by the Conventions of the International Labour Organisation, the ILO, and that enshrined in the Millennium Development Goals.
I must therefore congratulate Mr Degutis on his work in this respect and support the acceptance of the Council common position without further amendment.
Tremendous strains are being put on Member States such as the United Kingdom as a result of uncontrolled, unlimited and indiscriminate immigration resulting from continued EU enlargement.
Your presence at the head of the Council is already a guarantee of determination.
Actually I am very much for that.
That is what we are expecting.
(The President cut off the speaker)
Will the same be true of the Council?
It should be stressed that market access and free trade in services are of fundamental importance for economic growth and reducing unemployment.
I thank everyone for their contributions to the debate, welcoming every single contribution.
The Greek Government has set in motion a very ambitious programme to transfer parts of port operations to independent, private operators, who will bring a new dynamism not only to the Greek economy, but also to the wider area of South-East Europe.
We know the causes and the methods to fight this phenomenon; the way of organizing and planning the activity depends on us.
Unclear provisions and incorrect implementation of secondary legislation often ends in proceedings before the European Court of Justice.
(SV) Mr President, Mrs Lefrançois proposes important changes in order to safeguard confidentiality, freedom of expression and legal certainty.
What we need is a precise framework decision that will protect data to an extent that is at least on a level with that guaranteed in the first pillar by the 1995 Directive and Convention 108.
Mr Aylward is right: the conference must study all aspects of prevention and education, as Mrs Pleštinská and Mr Aylward both point out.
When it comes to media independence, freedom of opinion-forming and freedom of expression, I cannot compromise.
Under the decisive impetus of the German Presidency, in March 2007 the European Council made some ambitious commitments towards the environment.
By the end of the year, these committees will be assigned specific, practical tasks, such as (i) mediation, (ii) drafting recommendations and guidelines, and (iii) an explicit role to strengthen the analysis and responsiveness to risks to the stability of the EU financial system.
People continue to be murdered because of their religion - simply because they are Christians.
A deal on this basis would turn the emerging countries into custodians of the multilateral trading system which needs to be preserved but also to be strengthened.
The road already travelled and the soundly expressed prospects, which are based on an association agreement being concluded in the near future that includes the creation of a free trade area, give strong grounds for optimism.
Mr President, as we are all aware, surely, although we have some information about the Arctic, overall it is still terra incognita, in the truest sense of the word, as far as international law goes.
These are just some of the outcomes of the insane health policies pursued in recent years.
This innovation is a major advance for temporary workers in Europe, those for whom the laws did not previously lay down such protective provisions.
Yes, we have an obligation to help developing countries and, in particular, the least developed countries (LDCs) and the small island developing states (SIDSs) to limit the impact of global warming, as these countries will be the first victims of global warming, without being responsible for it.
Mr President, please forgive me for having disrupted proceedings by listening for a moment to some of your Members.
It also increases security.
Our society is entitled to the most effective protection possible against counterfeit medicines.
This is first and foremost a question of the social model we are aiming for.
Furthermore, in my country, Lithuania, reform of the pension system has begun.
It needs to move away from the old direct subsidy route to a system that is market orientated and that values rural sustainability and the environment, and recognises efficient farming instead of propping up inefficient farming.
We promote the transport of goods all over Europe and then we promote environmental protection measures in order to combat the negative effects of the transport.
What is to be done?
I do not think that this is good enough.
Such an increase could take place gradually, on the basis of appropriate, objective criteria to be defined.
This is guaranteed by integrating the new policy in the new goods package, and by introducing stricter dossier requirements and requirements in the area of traceability.
on behalf of the PPE-DE Group. - (FR) Madam President, Commissioners, firstly I should like to thank the rapporteurs, the Commission and the institutions, especially the French Presidency.
This is the crux of the matter and nothing else.
The question that now arises in view of the delay is as follows.
We are working today, too, under the chairmanship of Mrs Berès, for the same representation.
In Europe, nations will be judged according to their achievements, not by geographical and geopolitical criteria.
Poland is taking steps of this kind.
(SL) The transport of Russian gas across Ukraine is not just a bilateral issue or a commercial dispute.
We Conservatives therefore voted in favour of the report.
(The President cut off the speaker)
If we manage to open all those locks then we will conclude a new global agreement on climate protection to run from 2013.
The French Presidency talked about this, and the Czech Presidency should do likewise.
A common immigration and asylum policy would run the risk of leading to 'Fortress Europe', something that we are already seeing clear signs of today.
The practice implemented by the European Commission of carrying over to the following year unused appropriations from the common foreign and security policy chapter, which the European Commission considers to be allocated revenue, gives a certain cause for concern.
It would reduce environmental damage by reducing CO2 emissions, it would assist in job creation, because energy conservation measures are very labour-intensive, and thirdly, in the long run, it would of course lower energy bills for the elderly and other vulnerable people in society.
in writing. - (SV) We Swedish Social Democrats in the European Parliament are in favour of a generous immigration policy centred on people's needs.
I feel the current government must be aware that winning a majority does not assume that you can flout the law.
in writing. - (DA) The aim of this proposal, according to the Commission, is to improve the framework conditions for business in the EU's internal market.
(IT) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, this is the third time I have had occasion to deal with this subject.
This is why I believe that the objectives of the Lisbon Strategy remain unchanged and that 'How is it that we have got into this crisis despite the Lisbon Strategy?' is actually the wrong question to ask.
As an elected representative of the Rhône-Alpes region, I can testify to the failure of many road sectors in the Rhône Valley to adapt.
in writing. - I very much regret that into procedures intended to develop the principle that the public has a right to see EU documents, the Parliament has inserted emphasis that such rules shall not apply to MEPs.
It is precisely in Greece's interest, much more so than the other Member States, for this northern neighbour to join the European Union as quickly as possible.
I would like to emphasise the need to step up the efforts between the European Union and these two countries in promoting scientific and technological transfer, with a view to consolidating real cooperation in fighting climate change and improving environmental protection.
We are discussing a new version of the Cosmetics Directive, which is now a regulation.
The partnership strategy put into practice so far has only delivered modest results, which have remained well below the expectations and targets set.
The tobacco industry does, after all, employ a large number of people within the Member States and, in times of crisis, the impact of any such measures on the employment situation should be thoroughly assessed before they are implemented.
This is an outrageous imposition on MEPs.
In the meantime, these difficulties have been overcome and there are no technical reasons which would prevent harmonisation.
Our constant experience with Russia has been one of unity; that is why I say that in the area of energy, where Europe has deficiencies, we must let Russia know that our friendship should continue, but with clear rules, as gentlemen always had and as we have always had, but now in the form of written rules.
Our partnership with Russia must therefore be strong and durable, but it cannot be unconditional.
The Presidency also fully shares the aim of boosting the competitiveness of the road haulage sector in the EU by rationalising and simplifying the existing legal framework and thereby helping to curtail market violations.
We will also assist in their dissemination through national, regional and local broadcasters in the Member States.
Continuing political turmoil would make it impossible for the country to tackle these economic problems.
It represents a significant step away from dependency for Bosnia and Herzegovina.
I hope you will endorse this compromise agreement as a way forward and you will continue keeping up the pressure to optimise the full potential for environmental improvement and stimulate the design of eco-friendlier products.
Those not covered could indeed end up working 86 hours per week, every week of the year.
rapporteur. - Madam President, I think the debate tonight well illustrates the difficulty of this issue, and it also illustrates, therefore, how wonderful it is that we have been able to reach some form of compromise.
Parliament has shown its determination to achieve concrete results for citizens.
Under your presidency, Parliament has seen the importance that it attaches to the future of the Mediterranean region and its desire to help bring about peace in the Middle East.
We are bearing this in mind and we will take account of it.
Article 43(1) talks of assistance being given to third countries to fight terrorism in their territory.
Such slaughter is, rather, a custom of savage and primitive tribes, and we should not agree to it.
It has been a pleasure working with all my colleagues in the Committee on Culture and Education for these past two years.
(DE) Mr President, I have just one question.
Mr Rosales is not only an outstanding democrat, whom we must defend; he is also a symbolic figure for democracy in Latin America.
It is therefore important to enlist the support of the owners and to encourage them to maintain their wooded areas.
We should end the promotion of multiculturalism, which is divisive and a recipe for conflict, and assimilate and integrate existing migrants into a common culture with respect for a common set of political and legal institutions.
Instead of this completely misplaced disappointment, the Tajik Government should take care of the large amounts of work it needs to do at home.
Secondly, there is the structural question regarding the management of the dairy market, and this is where our views diverge from yours, Commissioner.
Welcome to Absurdistan!
This vote without debate does not permit speeches and thus does not permit the Member concerned to express himself before his peers, before his fellow Members.
I believe that this is an open question.
The next item is the Commission statement on the report of the Independent International Fact-Finding Mission on the Conflict in Georgia.
We must improve our coordination methods.
The Commission suggests now to include only those goods that consumers can find in retail stores.
European Ombudsman. - Mr President, let me begin by thanking very warmly all the Members of Parliament who have made very constructive and very positive remarks about the work of the Ombudsman.
I feel that the sum of EUR 100 million is not sufficient to achieve the objectives being proposed.
For this reason, I propose that the European Commission consider establishing an online information portal where any citizen wishing to contact the Commission directly can receive an answer within three days at the most.
Written statements (Rule 149)
As I have said and wish to repeat, the strategy on multilingualism adopted in 2008 is aimed at all the languages spoken in the European Union. We have no barriers.
Each year, an area in the Amazon the size of Belgium is cleared for the lucrative beef export industry.
This will not result in a complete electronic library of European titles being built up.
However, to be able to enjoy the benefit of this escort, the responsible national bodies and the sea vessels must notify Operation Atalanta and request protection.
I therefore agree with the view that Parliament expressed in 2007 that the content of the Tobacco Products Directive needs to be made more stringent and incorporate the liability of the manufacturers for the costs of health care due to the consumption of tobacco.
This is an established European formula, is it not?
It seems obvious to me that this proposal is anticipating the possible accession of Turkey.
Therefore, it is extremely important that our citizens be aware of their rights.
When dealing with sustainable agriculture, we have always made progress in both areas.
What we are planning to do under the Spanish Presidency is to encourage a directive, which we consider crucial, on advanced therapies and assistance in the case of chronic and non-transmissible diseases.
The relationship that the European Union is able to maintain with China is of particular importance.
Mr President, women represent half of Europe's talent.
It is just before St Valentine's Day, and Mr Barroso is being told: 'I love you, but I do not love you.
These are three priorities in terms of emerging from the crisis and regenerating our production system, which my Group, the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament, wants to be more competitive and innovative, but also more socially and environmentally sustainable.
On the question of Macedonia, there has been a great deal of progress in many areas.
This vessel not only made available all its state-of-the-art medical facilities, but also carried 135 tonnes of material provided by the World Food Programme and 77 tonnes of material from the Italian Red Cross.
I have also tried to prevent what I see as a precedent which would exclude the older Member States, particularly Portugal, from this funding, and possibly from using other additional sources of Community aid.
Say this clearly, and you will go down in history.
This is not the only example, and I think that the United Nations will become ineffective if it is really resourced by these countries, and will lose all political legitimacy and moral authority to condemn these events.
Mr President, I will conclude on a positive note.
However, I am more concerned about the Commission and how they view agriculture, rural areas and indeed the food industry because, in the EU 2020 strategy, they seem to have almost forgotten about this vital sector of the European Union.
In cases where human rights are violated, the European Parliament prepares a resolution which is addressed to the appropriate country.
I think that we have some time available now, as the Commission is putting its ideas together, in which my committee and, I am sure, the Committee on Transport, whose representatives are here as well, will want to reflect together about many of the issues that you have raised and how this is going to move forward.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the Roma issue is becoming increasingly complex and requires effective and immediate responses.
The European Union must develop its strategic autonomy through a powerful and effective foreign, security and defence policy in order to defend its interests globally, ensure the security of its citizens and promote respect for human rights and democratic values throughout the world.
It seems that not only is there no financial clarification, but there is also no political clarification.
But let us be frank about another point as well.
I am quite sure that not only Ms Van Brempt but also at least 300 other colleagues are listening in their rooms, because there is the opportunity to listen to the debate there.
As regards environmental aspects, EU policy should promote internalisation of external costs and the establishment of maritime emission control areas.
We will be providing the available regional funds to Wales and to all the other regions in future.
It is clear that Canada has what many farmers and many consumers believe is a tried-and-tested model.
The Coordinators of the Committee on Budgetary Control met the representatives of the Spanish Presidency's Council assuming a positive view should be taken of the progress on cooperation which was made last year and which resulted from the protracted discharge procedure.
That is, of course, a good thing.
Northern Ireland also uses the system of proportional representation for European elections.
At the moment, there are no satisfactory tests showing how allergenic or hazardous substances used in the manufacturing/processing of textile products affect human health.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, this debate is taking place against the backdrop of a very serious situation which represents a threat to the European Union.
What we need instead is democratic legitimacy, a two-chamber system which will finally put an end to the nonsense of the Council, which is outwardly so pro-European, but internally makes decisions without democratic legitimacy, so that we can bring about true democracy in Europe.
We want the Commission to have the courage to take the initiative on the Monnet method, on the Community method and on common institutions and proposals.
The uniform and full application of the Charter of Fundamental Rights at EU level is equally essential to ensure the Union's credibility.
Around one third of the beneficiaries of the European Social Fund are young people. The Fund also allocates EUR 8.3 billion, which represents roughly 11% of its overall budget, to the reform of Member States' education and training systems.
After all, these priorities are going to influence distribution of the future budget, so we should maintain the possibility of financing such areas as development of cultural infrastructure and protection of cultural heritage as part of the European Regional Development Fund.
(SK) The 2020 strategy and the Lisbon Strategy have something in common: a belief that the economy must be managed.
(ES) Mr President, a preliminary clarification: in my view, either a representative of the Presidency of the Council, or, perhaps, of the current French co-presidency of the Union for the Mediterranean (UfM), should have spoken in this debate today; their absence is deeply regrettable.
Those who want to vote 'yes' press the 'yes' button, those who want to vote 'no' press the 'no' button, and those who wish to abstain from voting press '0'.
Therefore, we have the opportunity during your Presidency to make progress in this area in Europe and to set a good example to others.
But I think that now is, above all, the moment to question ourselves on our addiction to oil and to look forward towards better management of the oceans and seas.
The moment for such an assessment is particularly appropriate as President Lula's term in office approaches its end.
in writing. - (DE) As always, it is difficult to accommodate and balance the various different interests and positions.
Five EU Member States, including France, have not recognised Kosovo's independence.
These issues have been firmly raised in the context of our dialogue with the Venezuelan authorities and, while the authorities have been arguing that this imprisonment is in conformity with Venezuelan legislation, we have felt that this is an issue, based on the judgement of the UN and the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights and our own judgement, that we are deeply concerned about.
Request for the waiver of parliamentary immunity : see Minutes
With that in mind, coordination is very important but the same rules are not.
In addition, every EU initiative on a Brussels level has regional and local effects.
An early demonstration of what will happen in 2080 as a result of these activities can only serve as a warning to stop the clock of disasters that is set for the whole world - no one is exempted, not even ourselves.
Extending the minimum length of maternity leave will also encourage breastfeeding, which has a demonstrably positive impact on the health of the child and the mother.
Above all, Member States must face up to their responsibilities.
NAFO, namely the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries Organisation, has the task of ensuring the rational management, optimum utilisation and conservation of fishery resources, on the basis of consultation and cooperation.
Unfortunately, the over-representation of women in precarious work is a key contributing factor to the gender pay gap and I share the view that improving job quality for women will reduce this pay gap.
The school fruit scheme, which started at the beginning of the 2009 academic year, is a specific European initiative and its positive and direct results for our citizens must be highlighted.
Commissioner, we cannot leave matters as empty words and promises, written texts which are extremely interesting and with which I agree almost 100%.
I believe they are going to do it.
One of the most important things is the question of security in old age and, in particular, the sustainable and stable financing of old age, guaranteeing a decent level of pensions in the long term.
Madam President, honourable Members, first of all, I wish to thank you for a very responsible debate.
The funds will go to those communities that were hit the hardest and lend support to those families and business that were most affected by these floods and assist them with rebuilding and recovering some of the revenue lost because of the devastation of their businesses.
Recalls the institutions' commitment to ensuring a smooth and rapid procedure for the adoption of the decisions on the mobilisation of the EGF, providing one-off, time-limited individual support geared to helping workers who have suffered redundancies as a result of globalisation and the financial and economic crisis; emphasises the role that the EGF can play in the reintegration of workers made redundant into the labour market; 3.
Variable closed periods should also be introduced that fit in with fish spawning cycles.
In fact, why not launch studies straight away into the creation of a tax on capital movements, setting up another credit with a new role for the European Central Bank, which, by means of money creation and another credit, should help Member States to refinance banks for safeguarding work, for education, for training, for all the common public assets with new public services for research and innovation.
In 2009, approximately 80% of the projects funded by the Commission focused on the circulation of cultural works and the mobility of those working in the cultural sector.
The debtors and the creditors are both responsible for the accumulation of debt.
We are dealing with very sensitive global financial markets.
Mr President, Commissioner, on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, we subscribe to the logic of the report drafted by Mr Désir within the Committee on International Trade.
Indeed, global problems have been exacerbated by the financial crisis and its social consequences.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the data provided by the Court of Auditors in the 2006 and 2008 annual reports on the control systems in operation for cohesion policy are certainly alarming.
(DE) Mr President, accession on the part of the EU to the Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms also conceals the risk that the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) will be able to pass judgment on any EU legal act; the judges of the European Court of Justice have already warned against taking this step.
It rests heavily on fundamental principles of solidarity, of collective responsibility, of sharing the risks and bringing mutual support at times of need.
In our report, we repeatedly call on various countries and institutions to take specific steps intended to increase the degree of respect for human rights.
I do not know the names of any of the innocent Afghan victims of this wicked war, but I do know that it has nothing to do with British interests.
(RO) Mr President, more than 10 000 citizens are whipped or caned annually in Malaysia, where the legislation stipulates this punishment officially for 66 infringements.
(HU) Mr President, speaking of the food security issue, I am bothered by the fact that the report is treating EU countries as a single integrated unit.
This will lead to a great many problems in terms of corruption and Serbia is even more corrupt.
Today, we voted in plenary on the recommendation on harmonised conditions for the marketing of construction products.
The risk of possible abuse - I refer here to 'medical tourism' - must not constitute a barrier in this case, but naturally, we must do everything within our power to reduce it to a minimum.
One of those statistics was my own mother who passed away last year.
It is estimated that it costs more than EUR 100 billion a year to treat Alzheimer's disease.
The greatest burden usually falls on patients' relatives and family members.
That is far more important than progress made separately.
It will mean that the citizens of the country in question will be at the back of the queue and, in any case, that they must not be put at a disadvantage in spite of the fact that they are the ones who, via their taxes, have paid to have a proper healthcare system.
That EUR 60 million is just the beginning, because Mr Gaddafi is now demanding that that amount be increased to EUR 5 billion each year and backing up his demands with threats.
Now there is a parallel here with Britain, where successive governments of all political colours have consistently betrayed our country and surrendered our rights of democratic self-determination to the European Union.
But that should not stop us, as a European Union, from engaging with Egypt and the Arab world to support democracy and human rights, and I expect my colleague, despite her different views on Europe, to share this view with me.
However, experts believe that this cannot be resolved by military means.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is the spirit in which the selection procedures under way have thus far been conducted on the basis of the applications we have received.
Granting this House power over what are known as 'delegated acts' would help to shrink the democratic deficit in the decision-making process of the European Union.
Now that we have come through the crisis, we need the Services Directive more than ever.
Moreover, the translation will also be free of charge - its cost will be met.
The proposed legislation has been expected ever since similar legislation was passed concerning passenger cars.
Today, seven years since the agreement was ratified, the European Parliament has managed to express its opinion on the negotiations led by the Commission on the basis of Council directives.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, first of all, I should like to thank the Commissioner for her efforts and for the efforts she will continue to make in dealing with this humanitarian emergency.
At the same time, the climate crisis is doing more damage to those living in extreme poverty.
I think that we, therefore, need to consider in particular how we can use the European Investment Bank in order to achieve some of Europe's objectives.
Madam President, Commissioner Lewandowski, ladies and gentlemen, the issue currently under debate is the Parliament's budget for 2012 and I would like to emphasise that from the perspective of the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance, the right balance must be struck between limited and justified increases, which are mainly the result of the new powers and responsibilities under the Treaty of Lisbon, and self-discipline and self-restraint in times when public funds are in short supply.
The debate is closed.
At the global level - in comparison with the male population - up to 17% more women live in poverty, according to statistics.
Female poverty that has become particularly widespread during the recession, especially poverty among single mothers, has a direct impact on child poverty, because now, around 20 million children in Europe live in poverty.
I completely agree with inclusion, not discrimination, but I am still waiting to hear from Commissioner Reding when Roma camps will finally be allowed in her country, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, for if I am not mistaken, they are not allowed there.
(BG) Madam President, Commissioner Tajani, ladies and gentlemen, Europe can, and must, adopt a new path today, by creating a new integrated industrial policy.
He urged us, on the one hand, not to constantly focus on what is happening in the Occupied Palestinian Territories and, on the other, rather to re-orient our focus on what we could do together, Israel and the European Union.
It has not, but it definitely fits into the 'could do better' category.
Mr President, I think nobody will be surprised to hear me say again that solidarity with refugees and displaced persons should constitute a fundamental element of EU policy in the areas of asylum and immigration.
That is the reason why we all, unfortunately, need to sacrifice a little bit of our privacy, in order to protect the security of our citizens.
(NL) Madam President, decisions were taken at the most recent European Council that were still unthinkable a year ago and I would therefore like to offer my sincere thanks to Mr Van Rompuy and Mr Barroso.
These fears were however successfully dispelled, and an uncompromising stance was taken on Parliament's behalf.
We propose simplification and clarification of EU procurements directives by 2012, in line with the Green Paper published earlier this year.
Commissioner, I was not at all pleased to read this.
A bilateral relationship has been in place between what is now known as the EU and the Union of the Comoros since 1988.
However, we would stress that the fight against fraud and corruption should be carried out at a level that is as close as possible to where these phenomena take place, for various reasons, particularly reasons of effectiveness.
Finally, the right of political parties at European level to participate in referendum campaigns on European affairs is, in my view, ambiguous.
It is thus aimed at strengthening free competition and speeding up the process of liberalisation and privatisation, although the whole document is phrased in a way that seeks to obscure its real intentions, stating, for example, that the intention is to strengthen 'a highly competitive social market economy, aiming at full employment and social progress, and a high level of protection and improvement of the quality of the environment', and adding that it therefore aims to place companies, especially small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), and Europeans at the heart of the Single Market.
The Single Market will remain competitive if all social rights are respected.
Next, the fight against climate change requires a coherent and ambitious policy.
I must state clearly that I am against the closure of nuclear power plants for political reasons.
However, we should also consider setting up a dialogue mechanism that will include all parties, both within the country and from the wider international community.
(SK) Madam President, no one surely doubts that the accident in Fukushima showed the need to tighten up assessments of existing nuclear power plant operations and the construction of new plants.
I should mention that at present, the conditions have been met for 10 negotiating chapters.
All players must increase their efforts and show responsibility and determination in resolving all outstanding issues which are hampering the process of accession for the candidate country and the EU's own policy in the region.
The position of the Nepalese Government vis-à-vis the elections to the Tibetan Government in exile clearly tells us who is the real global player in this region.
We know that any aid earmarked for Pakistan would not be used to help the people hit by the floods almost a year ago.
I am sorry, we are proceeding to the vote.
We need to strengthen the rules based on European law, on our values and on international commitments.
I think that they are very important, especially where the risk of marginalisation, of being locked out of employment opportunities, is a great social risk.
This system will contribute to better performance in the areas of public health and safety, as well as administrative operations.
On the other hand, we have fought to ensure that the offices representing local, regional and municipal authorities in the European institutions are not affected by this measure, contrary to what was planned in the initial text.
It made huge concessions, and was ready to withdraw the ban on labelling.
So that is what this report is about: it is actually about setting the framework.
Mrs Jordan Cizelj, you have the floor.
I am pleased, too, that the report we have voted through today has given attention to the importance of non-formal education, understood as education by participation in youth organisations and non-governmental organisations and by volunteering.
These are questions that naturally require answers, which I am counting on receiving.
Over the forthcoming years, the ideas of also internalising other external costs, making internalisation mandatory and including other types of vehicles, also need to be looked into.
You really do still seem to prefer pouring in more and more money and providing more and more endless loans to economies that are in serious trouble and on the very brink of collapse, or are we starting to see common sense here, and to consider seriously the possibility of restructuring their government debts, because, in my opinion, we cannot avoid this in the long term.
Secondly, regarding Cathy Ashton, she is not only Vice-President of the Commission, but also High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy.
There are always those tasks and challenges that are more important than others.
I will remind you, if I may, of some of the important ideas, the main one being maintaining the level of the CAP budget during the forthcoming financial programming period.
Coordination within the European Parliament is key, as is coordination with the European Commission and the newly established External Action Service.
In this respect, we urge Russia to intensify its efforts in facilitating the peaceful resolution of the conflicts in Transnistria and in the more and more worrying Nagorno-Karabakh region.
The European Court of Justice ruled back in 1996 that Member States must ensure that the aim of the directive cannot be circumvented by subdividing projects.
Their operations always rely primarily on circumventions of the law and on very poor law enforcement.
Are we spending our money as wisely as we can?
I would argue that a two-pillar common agricultural policy (CAP) should be retained, with each pillar's structure and objectives being clearly defined and designed in a way that allows each to complement the other.
The Community contribution to the SYNERGY programme is supposed to be of two kinds: up to 100 % of finance experts seconded full time to the authorities in nonmember countries and up to 50 % for projects undertaken with non-member States.
I think the Commissioner is doing a very good job in what is an extremely difficult situation.
Finally I should like to call attention to the financing systems existing in Europe for small and medium-scale businesses.
He then talks about the need to consolidate confidence in the European economy.
They do not want their post liberalized and I am sure this Parliament will take exactly the same view.
By defining harmonized criteria we also want to establish for the first time a guarantee of the financial efficiency of the providers of the reserved services too.
Any necessary exchange-rate adjustments between the euro and the other currencies must be geared to the realities of exchange relations, and they must be made in good time.
We are also asking in particular about additional Commission measures to send a strong signal to the markets and help revive the economy.
Mr President, with regard to the report on the crisis in the fishing industry, I should like to make a number of comments.
Of course we know that international cooperation is needed for matters of internal security and to combat fraud and crime.
Although the European Union has co-funded in Ceuta aquaculture activities and has started up a fish farm with genuine success, we think that it should also use - as a tool for boosting the economy and creating jobs- since there is a market - the possibility of adopting customs measures since Ceuta, although a part of a European Union Member State has a separate customs system; especially bearing in mind that extending the quota proposed in this report, together with the REX Committee's own amendments, would not distort the Community sea bream and sea bass market, as these are the products concerned and which enjoy full and growing demand.
The action plan, approved on 13 May last, was designed to be a message of confidence in the capacity of the Russian leadership to carry forward the process it has begun, and at the same time give the Union the instruments that will contribute, together with those of the TACIS regulation also approved under the Italian presidency, to strengthening solid political and economic structures in that country.
We must keep that in view - and that is also the objective of the European People's Party.
One of the very measures which can really lead to permanent jobs more than all manner of employment programmes is the encouragement of growth undertakings.
The House rejects this position.
I know there is great concern felt by many working in the industry in the areas of cleaning, baggage-handling and maintenance.
Article 8 now instructs the Commission to develop methods of analysis for this purpose.
I thank you for your answer, Commissioner, but my question went a little further than that.
The Treaty provides us with all the legal bases necessary to ensure a successful outcome for this instrument which is itself a necessity.
A great many of our children have suffered.
The Council therefore decided that it was not opportune to continue negotiations at this particular moment.
As far as I am concerned, personally, I entirely support Mr Van Miert's argument, and I am delighted by it.
I receive dozens of complaints in this area, private channels against public channels, regarding State aid, etc.
Mr President, I shall concentrate on the amendment put down by the Socialist Group to the effect that there should be no ceiling on VAT rates.
I should appreciate a reply to these questions.
It is more important than ever to take stock of the issue, confronted as we are by alliances between multinationals and by the fact that individual states have been completely overtaken in this area.
We should always congratulate ourselves on these joint deliberations, although we must also remember that the formal debate on the overall political assessment of the state of the European Union must take place under the auspices of Article D of the Treaty which provides for a debate after presentation of a written report from the Council of the European Union, so we will have to put that off for a few months.
I hope that, as Mr Dell'Alba said, loud voices will be raised in support of this military tribunal because otherwise the risk is that we will ask for it but not get a hearing.
We also hope that the Budget Committee, whose Members are here present, will continue to consult with the Foreign Affairs Committee as with other committees because we all have priorities; we recognize the importance of making decisions, but let us make sure that they actually take a balance of the interests of all the committees in Parliament.
Having said that, on the one hand we must admit that inside the Union and across the ocean and even beyond that, there is a need for cooperation amongst airlines.
Subject: Transport of radioactive materials by air
I am thinking here in particular of how market operators can be made responsible for their own actions.
As was stated in reply to a question by Mrs Terrón i Cusí in November last year, it is precisely with a view to safeguarding the differences between the languages and cultures of the Member States that political direction in this area must respect the principle of subsidiarity.
I am sorry if the Member thought I was introducing a red herring.
The Commission, as I understand it, has all the information it requires on this matter. So why another study?
This Parliament cannot set itself up as supreme judge, condemning a government as an assassin, without a process of careful investigation of the facts to discover the truth without a shadow of a doubt.
Mr Howitt mentioned mines.
It is interesting that the entry of three new states did not disrupt our move towards integration.
However, I should like to draw the honourable Members' attention to the Treaty of Rome - because in Rome, a decision was taken whose consequences as regards this important question, and also as regards globalization, we must live with, and which I believe was the only possible decision.
Unfortunately, the Council made it clear again yesterday that however much we might be attracted to ELISE, there are a number of ministers who refuse to succumb to her charms, and it therefore seems that her chances are, sadly, very slim.
I stress this point of the need to facilitate voluntary return, which is laid down in every convention on refugees and in humanitarian legislation. The second function of this force will be to move the food supplies, and the third will be to protect the refugees themselves, the equipment and the humanitarian personnel.
I come back again to my previous question, since it is correct as the President says, that this concerns the internal market and derogations.
However, the early resolution of the case and the dropping of all charges obviated the need for such action.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, in my view Mr Linkohr has once again marked out the overall framework, which is why I want to concentrate purely and simply on the question of renewable raw materials.
Each individual country should attain the standards of the Geneva Convention and preferably aim for a higher goal than the Convention.
The European Parliament believes that this should be extended to the other sectors, for instance by revising Articles 23 and 24 of the coordinating regulation governing the Structural Funds.
With regard to justice, the Rwandan Government has passed the laws which enable justice to be done.
Overall, then, the problems posed by the continuity of contracts seem less complex than had initially been thought.
The Party of European Socialists has adopted statutes, and has formed a union of parties, a Party of European Socialists.
Enlargement towards the East and the South.
So there is no real justification for compensation.
The Commissioner will realize that a Commission financed study on the impact of the free-trade area on Botswana, Lesotho, Namibia and Swaziland shows that those countries will lose if they stay out of a free trade agreement and lose if a free trade agreement goes ahead and they are part of it.
The European Council will be able to record virtual completion of this work, even if adoption of the actual regulations must await the creation of the European Central Bank in 1998.
Above all, however, these texts in their various ways show a desire to organize a veritable programme of euthanasia for national parliaments.
In any case, there is no practical problem, because the very sharp fall in the birth rate in Europe means that there are on average ten applications for adoption for every abandoned child.
Cooperation in the fields of justice and home affairs
Take away Sunday as the day of rest and we will lose much of the richness of community life as it has been experienced by Europeans throughout the centuries.
There is a good deal of work still to be done, starting with the more sensitive areas where little progress has been made, such as institutional reform.
Mr Whitehead and others mentioned financial services.
We must take great care of the health of the people of Europe.
Moreover, it invites Finance Ministers to prepare for the Amsterdam Council, and therefore in June 1997, a draft resolution which, again I quote, ' will record the commitment of Member States, the Commission and the Council to apply the stability agreement rigorously' .
The consumer in the supermarket should not only have a quality guarantee but should also be able to identify exactly where the meat has come from.
A book has just been published, by Graham Fuller, who was the former CIA official for the Middle East, in which he explains that American policy aims for victory by the FIS.
We have seen that in the Renault Vilvoorde affair, where the lack of European social rules became apparent to anyone.
I am well aware that the European Parliament is very concerned about the problem of aeroplane noise emissions.
Let me pay tribute here to the determination and courage of the Vilvorde workers and to the combative spirit they have shown, as also to their French colleagues, who have also been affected by dismissals and who have, by their action, defeated the management's attempt to create divisiveness in order to impose its plan.
However, it is by no means the only cause of poverty, and my group is convinced that it is not the main cause of poverty in the developing countries.
It is incredible that only three of the Member States are fulfilling the Brundtland report's recommendation that at least 0.7 % of GNP should be donated in development aid.
There is no defence for this when we consider the fact that 40 % of the market in this area is located in Europe, but it is precisely for that reason that we should give a lead in preventing animal experimentation.
The data available confirm that the many economic and employment-related problems can only be solved by giving a helping hand to small businesses.
The General Affairs Council of the European Union on 24 March decided to send a mission to Albania to advise the Albania authorities on humanitarian, economic and political issues and on questions of security.
So the Council is very much concerned to persuade both the Cyprus Government and the Turkish Cypriot authorities and Ankara and Athens that they should do everything possible to create a climate in which the parties themselves are willing to negotiate.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 11 a.m.
In our point of view it should continue to be regulated by regulatory forms and, by the same token, bound by the respective targets of those rules.
In the United States and Japan, however, no publication is provided for and network industries freely dialogue with their national suppliers in order to establish technical specifications.
That omission relates to linguistic communication.
I too agree with many among you who have spoken, that those efforts should be intensified, mainly in the direction of research and technological development programmes that aim to restrict the quantities of high-activity wastes.
In my opinion taxation is precisely one of the issues which calls for action from the European Union. The people expect this too.
I am told that you should also press the button.
I would say all questions of common interest.
We have just today - the oral procedure is today taking place before the Court of Justice - submitted videos and other documentation to prove this.
The time has come to conclude.
On many issues we have no policy and when we do it is rarely a common policy.
Action must follow this and not accusations about differences, because I actually think intensification of relations and development of economic cooperation will contribute to shifting opinion even amongst the Chinese leadership and lead to political changes which are already partly in progress.
Why?
So it is clear that if we really wish to give a boost to European education through information and communication campaigns for our citizens, carried out by the EU, the necessary funding must be found.
The community in the northeast of Scotland was incensed by it.
Therefore I would ask the Commission to take our opinions more seriously than those of the group of advisers.
As the rapporteur pointed out, priority should be given to supporting projects that aim at reinforcing democracy, respect for human rights and stability, together with social and economic integration.
The question I would like to ask the Commissioner is: is there any problem about fishermen from other countries getting involved?
The European Parliament can assist the Commission here, and that assistance can include bringing pressure to bear on egotistical States.
It may be irritating for women, all women, not to be Botticelli's Venus, but it is just as irritating for men not to be Michelangelo's David, or the Apollo of Praxiteles.
Mr President, Mr Commissioner, I shall address myself directly to you, because this debate seems to me to be utterly absurd.
We would do better to put this into the explanations and notes.
The European Parliament has always been very active in this area, providing endless reports and resolutions, forcing the individual states to take restrictive measures and to adopt a clear agenda.
Information-sharing is another problem.
May I point out to you that it is up to our constituents to judge us and not the body of members.
We are also dissatisfied that the European Parliament was not consulted during the preparation of this agreement.
Another positive move supported by the rapporteur is the reduction of corporation tax on retained profits, thereby encouraging SMEs to invest in growth.
But I remember Commissioner Flynn saying that a higher figure would be more realistic, maybe as much as 15 million.
I would have dearly liked to participate in the debate, so wide we have barely touched on it today, especially during Mrs Dury's speech, which suggested a number of different paths on which we should concentrate more heavily.
Can I ask the Commission, in response to that heartening reply, if the committee will be taking on board the effects on the climate in Europe as well as locally.
This is what he wrote in his memoirs:
That particularly applies to the situation on Slovakia.
Firstly, the frequency of controls should be increased, both within the EU and in third countries. Transport problems usually occur not because of faults in the legislation, but in its execution.
We simply must not forget the reality of land and people.
Relocation often takes place without warning or consultation of unions and local councillors, regardless of the interests of employees and their families, regardless of the economic future of the regions.
It is like believing in Father Christmas for some of the Member States to try to prop up unviable businesses or sectors.
Furthermore, France happens to be the country which produces the least greenhouse gases per inhabitant in the European Union for the very simple reason that, of the fifteen countries, it is the one that uses the most nuclear energy.
Next, I think we have to make a clear distinction between problems caused by the emission of gases in general, on the one hand, and the overall phenomenon of climate change on the other.
So my question is: does the Court of Auditors envisage recommending that the Commission urgently rationalize and optimize the use of these Community instruments designed for SMIs and SMEs before it and Parliament release millions of ECUs, which we know in advance will not be of any use?
I did not want to accuse my predecessors.
Mr Posselt, I have neither insulted nor shown a lack of respect to any Catholic or any Christian in this hemicycle.
I believe that a full definition of organized crime should comprise - in accordance with the provisions of article K.3(e) of the Amsterdam Treaty - the constituent elements of criminal acts and the penalties in the fields of organized crime, terrorism and drug trafficking.
And in this regard, we should once again deplore the fact that the European Union has not always included in its treaties the rights of children.
Europe sees itself as the cradle of human rights.
Certainly, the list of beneficiaries needs to be revised, along with the criteria and rules for allocation of resources.
I would ask Mr Rosado Fernandes to rephrase his statement, in order to show support for democratic institutions and this Parliament.
Firstly I call for a charter of principles: principles for a service of economic interests to be drawn up by the Commission; secondly, I require and ask for democratic scrutiny for the Commission activity in that field to be developed in Parliament in the form of an observatory.
We have four reports before us.
I am convinced that the euro will create an economic framework which will generate more growth and hence more employment in Europe.
The next item is the report (A4-0359/97) by Mrs d'Ancona, on behalf of the Committee on Civil Liberties and Internal Affairs, containing a proposal for a European Parliament recommendation to the Council on the harmonization of the Member States' laws on drugs.
Mr President, this initiative - which this House will undoubtedly approve - should allow us to make a first consideration: how community budget needs to be calculated in the European Development Fund.
For that reason, part of my report and my suggestions cover this very matter.
I would urge Parliament to support the Environment Committee's amendments that we will see in front of us tomorrow.
Nor is it worried by its finding that such lines are usually unprofitable and consequently of no interest to anyone acting on the basis of market forces alone.
All the nuclear powers still have nuclear weapons. But we should not develop new nuclear weapons.
He then asked me about the issue of 'gold-plating' .
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, whenever we in this House simultaneously talk about the Europe of free movement and the Europe of diversity, it is rather like trying to square the circle. At the very least it is an extremely difficult conundrum to solve, and the solution varies from case to case.
The strategy recommended by the Commission is the continuation of a healthy macroeconomic policy at Community level and the strengthening of the coordination of national economic policies and employment policies.
I hope when we are talking about the European civil service as we proceed into the detail of the budget, we will perhaps extend some of the thoughts set out there and talk about both appointment and promotion being exclusively actions which should take place on merit.
On top of that, we are going to put a lot of people out of work.
What I would really like to see is the EU handing over many of its powers in favour of the national parliaments, which would make enlargement easier.
The rules can be clarified in the form of the Agreement now being prepared, and it would be wise to approve it.
The conflict in Northern Ireland which has led to so many terrible and needless deaths and injuries has been an affront to the values of our shared European civilization.
Some public service broadcast services are remunerated and, consequently, there is going to be a problem with litigation on which services are provided for remuneration and which are not.
When I finally arrived in Strasbourg - which is an enchanting city and the headquarters of this Parliament - I was so tired I felt like I had travelled to India.
The Commission originally outlined something of the kind, but there is nothing on the subject in this proposal for a directive.
One is very formal and relates to what we have already done together in order to ensure that sales of medicines on the Internet are conducted in a proper manner, and the other deals with the practical implementation of these regulations.
Still I have opted to continue to include essential points in the code and only to leave implementation provisions to the committee.
Is there any real accountability, if a responsible person clearly refuses to leave when his accountability has been questioned?
I think it would be very useful if, on this point, we were to try, as part of common policy, to give some proper direction to the difficult but real potential of the Albanians from Kosovo who are with us.
The important principle is that all sectors of economic activity should, on all occasions, carefully monitor and scrutinize the environmental impact of anything they do.
As rapporteur of the Committee on Research, it is my duty to underline a few important points concerning the guidelines of support for research and development to facilitate the growth of electronic commerce.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, today, on 15 May 1998, we are dealing with a historic event that took place over eight years ago: German unification.
This is a matter that various Commissioners are working on.
So, before we start talking about restructuring, let us see what the alternatives are, otherwise we will be acting like demagogues.
Mr President, Parliament has made a decision to ban tobacco advertising.
If the German Länder demand that budgetary risks for the Länder be prevented in the finance regulations, it is recommended that they use the interim deadline of four to six years to guarantee this for themselves.
Mr President, the terms of the Council Directive on prevention of the use of the financial system for the purpose of money laundering also apply fully to the period of transition to the euro in terms of the exchange of national currencies into the single currency.
I see no reason why people should be exposed to this risk and believe that the funds we so generously spend on Euratom should finally be used to draw up a set of safety regulations which would then apply to all Member States and all new applicants for membership in order to guarantee safety in Europe. For security cannot be parcelled out, and we cannot keep pushing the blame back and forth from one side to the other.
In fact, in contrast to the rapporteur's initial proposals, we believe it is necessary to have a strong COM for fishery products, particularly for products intended for the fresh fish market.
I would like to inform you that a group of Dutch members of parliament invited by one of our Members are now in the official gallery, and at this point I would like to convey our greetings to our colleagues from the Dutch parliament.
Since the 1970s, several Member States have opened their markets to textile imports and abolished old forms of subsidy.
I heartily endorse this proposal and I will, I hope, be able to report to you in person on those conclusions.
Votes
The business activities of the Organizing Committee are covered by EU sports regulations, which is why the Commission, on the basis of many complaints, are investigating allegations of discrimination in its sales of tickets to the public, The average contribution made by the Commission in connection with these six-month projects was around ECU 5 200, which is the same amount paid out for other voluntary work in pilot projects.
That is quite different from what many speakers have been debating here.
I assume, however, that the Council will be dealing with these developments soon, although we will need more detailed information, and I can assure you that we are keeping a very close watch on affairs, and we will of course be doing everything in our power to improve the situation.
Mr President, I was extremely pleased to hear the chairman of the Committee on the Rules of Procedure, the Verification of Credentials and Immunities share the opinion put forward in the report on access to documents, namely that it is wrong for the Bureau to have adopted the rules on our own openness, and that they contain shortcomings.
In addition, I would ask him to exercise the influence that can be exercised, so that governments in Greece, including the current government, will at last create a forest registry and enforce more stringent legislation concerning the trade in land. Existing legislation is so lax that mafia groups avail themselves of arsonists in concert with commercial entrepreneurial construction interests and cause the fires in Greece, beyond what can normally be expected.
To that extent the Customs Union can certainly be termed a success.
When I went to Marseilles with a Committee on Racism, in order to hold a press conference I needed French riot police, barricades and teargas because the Front national decided it did not want me to speak to the press in Marseilles.
I would also recall that the new legal base established at Amsterdam has strengthened the mechanisms available for fighting corruption. All of which shows that mechanisms do exist.
Does the Commission believe that the Spanish nationality requirement for Spanish airline captains constitutes an infringement of Article 48 of the EC Treaty?
In today's world, if environmental factors are not included, then the idea of quality in tourism has not been fully understood. These factors include integrated plans and hotels, no waste, clean water, solid waste monitoring, clean energy and harsh measures against atmospheric, noise or visual pollution.
They apply of course to the four pillars of the Luxembourg guidelines.
These new regulations are to regulate, firstly, the transition from the existing system to the new one and, secondly, the system to be applied between the ins and the pre-ins.
One major concern here was not to jeopardise the success of the cultural cooperation to date, which has taken the form of the partnerships and networks on cultural matters to which, I am pleased to note, the rapporteur also referred.
We should like to point out the significance of paragraph 13 on the number of representatives in the new composition of the Standing Committee on Employment.
We believe that the Italian Government is respecting the rule of law, that we should show our solidarity with that process and that we deplore as misguided the political attack which has been launched against the Italians by the Turkish Prime Minister.
For the Commission, accepting the amendment authorising the optional introduction of the monitoring measures would be tantamount to negating the substance of the Commission's proposal.
No small business has then a chance of competing against Bertelsmann.
Mr President, I believe that this amendment should be withdrawn.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I shall now comment on the three horizontal programmes from the perspective of the Committee on External Economic Relations, in other words as regards the international role of research, innovation, SMEs and human potential.
We are delighted about this; a pause for thought about other genetic technologies is also needed, and full, unbiased information would be extremely welcome.
There I would ask you to read the Court of Auditors' report for this year, which states that in the field of agriculture, these normally take place at the level of final beneficiary in Member States.
Some flexibility is needed in fleshing out each year's budgetary priorities, but this can be done without transferring funds between the various headings, which so many people have been calling for.
There are proposals on the access of the institutions to documents and on the protection of personal data.
This House is the bar of public accountability before which the Commission is held accountable for its conduct in office.
Our duties as Parliament have increased.
Are we trying hard enough to make our work public?
A list of activities and the terms of their funding is agreed annually.
The question of cofinancing also belongs in this negotiating package.
Mr President, this evening in the privacy of this Hemicycle we are going to debate an issue with the Commissioner which, in spite of the fact that there are very few people present, is very important.
Thank you for your reply, Commissioner Monti.
There is another field in which I unfortunately cannot report the same degree of progress.
The new report will show us how things have developed from there.
I think it is our task to help bring agricultural production up to date and not cling to old production methods which do not take account of animal welfare.
They actually ought to be abolished, because distillation is an invitation to produce massive quantities of lower-quality wine, and the grubbing-up premium encourages the transfer of production from regions which are problematic in terms of labour costs, but important in terms of regional culture, to rationalised, export-driven production.
Mr President, thank you for allowing my question and thanks to the President-in-Office for his answer, even though he has stated that it is a non-answer.
And there is a second reason.
An added danger is the net breeding that is practised by the Norwegians in the Teno fiord.
That is why my group has called from the outset for more funding, in order to give young people a chance to experience living abroad and also to make the current Socrates programme less socially biased.
You can count on me and the 54 Members who voted for our amendment to continue the struggle in an atmosphere of heightened solidarity with the most reactionary women in our countries on this subject.
And we continue to support you.
What are going to be the respective responsibilities of these newcomers and the railway companies?
Sadly, others who shared my view could not be present on that occasion.
What we need is monetary cooperation with flexible exchange rates which can fend off the adverse effects of economic change in an orderly, agreed manner.
As regards the proposal for a directive on manning conditions, it is clear that all seafarers have a right to equal treatment, regardless of their nationality.
We find ourselves now in the process of creating a new, minimum and acceptable European norm for the management of public affairs and Community institutions which does not permit cultural exceptionalism.
Parliament has made a number of suggestions in this respect.
I would sincerely like to thank Mrs Müller and Mr Bourlanges accordingly.
However, I think we all agree that we would like the existing European powers to be imbued with greater democracy, and hope that the sectoral policies will be managed more efficiently.
That and that alone would open the way to a political settlement of the conflict.
Ever since the Agenda 2000 proposals for reform of the Union policies were first published in March 1998 it was always felt in some quarters that it would be difficult to find an agreement that was balanced and even-handed across all the territories of the European Union.
Therefore, from the forthcoming Cologne Council onwards, Malta should be considered in a positive light.
These figures indicate that petitions play an important role in the detection and handling of infringement cases.
It is impossible to force people to live in the same place, in the same state, as the murderers of their families.
And we must welcome that.
The Minutes of yesterday's sitting have been distributed.
As you can see, even without the additional challenges facing the Union as a result of the crisis in Kosovo and the resignation of the Commission, there is a wide range of tasks to be dealt with in Cologne.
I am thinking, in particular, of oil protein crops, which, I would remind you, are ideal rotation crops to produce quality cereals, something we are increasingly trying to do.
The Commission has put forward a liberalising proposal.
I ask that we somehow take them into account.
And then, at a certain point, we will be faced with an issue of civilisation, not between the civilisation of Maimonides, Averros or Saint Augustine, but between that of the Islamists, who carry out bombing in Moscow or massacres in East Timor, and the sophisticated civilisation which you represent.
It is the Commission that will take, and will be accountable for, the decisions on the programmes to be carried out by the agency.
Candidate status does not mean that we are negotiating about accession but that we are checking what needs to happen for the Copenhagen criteria to be fulfilled.
It does not contain anything new and is insufficient as regards its content.
Mr President, the main proposition of the Bourlanges report involves increasing the budget by EUR 700 million to finance what he calls the four priorities, with, first and foremost, aid for the reconstruction of Kosovo.
This treaty is a cornerstone of nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation efforts, and without it, the prospects for progress in nuclear disarmament are considerably reduced.
The first and important one is this: it has clearly established goals, responsibilities and deadlines for the first time.
We are living in a time of radical changes to industry and to companies in general - changes which have come about for a number of reasons, the main one being the complex phenomenon of globalisation.
I believe that today is the first time she has been involved in a debate on social affairs.
The challenge for the future will be whether the EU can manage to draw up common principles which ensure that an economic recovery returns to Europe through which the problems of the labour market can for the most part, be eliminated.
Firstly, I would like to congratulate Mr Fischler on his taking up of this fishing portfolio at a very bad time.
This will provide the basis for coordination across the European Union.
Mr President, this has been a particularly interesting dialogue and I would like to begin by making an initial political comment.
To conclude, for the millions of transport operators, seafarers, junior doctors, for the patients, the passengers and other road users, it is absolutely essential that a sound agreement is reached swiftly.
She closed her intervention with the words "enforcement is the priority" .
This approach requires the guidelines to be broadly-based so as to give the Member States sufficient free rein in terms of policy.
It is a good start and there is much more to do.
Firstly, I would like to point out that it is precisely the energy sector which has been the first to draw up a communication on environmental integration in its policy.
After all, if the majority of potential areas of conflict are either in or bordering Russia, does this not raise the dilemma of us creating something which we will only be able to use in practice with great difficulty, precisely because Russia is involved?
on the declaration of a state of emergency in Pakistan.
If the people of Europe were to be asked whether they wanted the kind of empire-building that is on the agenda, extremely different answers would be obtained.
Since Mr Prodi is already present, I shall give him the floor first, if he is in agreement.
It is obviously a question of competence and the fact that here issues are discussed from many points of view.
I am very glad that the Council is now living up to the standard which we in Parliament tried to set two and a half months ago.
There is a great deal of confusion about this at the moment.
We cannot intervene on the basis of the popularity polls of the various Presidential candidates and in relation to the main electoral issues under discussion in a sovereign state on which Nicaragua' s voters will soon pass judgement and on which they, and only they, have the right to do so.
