Panama, Colombia: Darien Gap · Global Voices 
He and his friends kept pushing us in the chests, so we started a slurring match, and pushing back and fourth. 
Jahane Rumi travels to Dhaka and finds that Pakistanis are not unwelcome in Bangladesh (formerly a part of Pakistan) although they had a bitter past and experienced a bloody seclusion. 
aristo_big: Ten years ago, this piece of news would have been joyful to me. 
Despite the fact that Roukana received no attention from either the media or any NGO, she is preparing her self for another battle. 
“The Tunisian government does not permit any opposition, whether in the traditional press or on the Internet," Reporters Without Borders said in a statement. 
If before, the international community only heard about Palestinians when one of them exploded themselves, they now have on the western news agenda two choices instead of one: 
Kyrgyzstan: From national surveys to a spy-lady in parliament · Global Voices 
Do some of the newly elected wonders deserve to be named so? 
Image vs.Reality 
It was a Friday and all the clergymen have embarked their pulpits to give their Friday sermons. 
You know, the kind of "smile and embarrassment" at the same time, when you feel uncomfortable to admit that you've been fooled. 
He also reports "Ireland suspends guatemalan adoptions" where he adds: 
She asked the value of a diamond ring that one of her best friends, a super model, presented her to show her appreciation and their friendship. 
The learned analysis that our local pundits come up with on a regular basis are more suited to a village square than to a civilized nation, which admittedly we are not yet. 
This one is from Essaouira and the ruins are rumored to have inspired Jimi Hendrix's "Castles in the Sand:" 
On September 1, 2007 he reported on a battle between British and Afghan soldiers against the Taliban. 
MoldovAnn posts a detailed report on observing the election at a polling station in Kyiv where Ukraine's foreign minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk cast his vote. 
Suriname: Photographing Fort Zeelandia · Global Voices 
We also have a Prevention of Mother to Child Transmission program that has reduced the rate of infection from mother to child to about 5%. 
It is not the truth that prevails, even if it is a genocide. 
The thieves fear that these letters would arrive at King Abdullah’s desk, for they won’t manage to flee by bribery as they can buy the whole security branch in Syria to push Hammour to give up her rights. 
Rachel Glickhouse, from Adventures of a Gringa in Rio, brings a piece of news that happened in Santa Catarina, state in the south of Brazil: "5-year old boy named Riquelme (named after an Argentine soccer player), rescued a one-year old girl from a terrible fire in a neighboring home, while clothed in a Spiderman outfit. 
This is a recurrent theme in the Malagasy blogosphere and in African development think-tank in general. 
But many other families were devastated, and that grieved my heart. 
The few options there are for African e-commerce take a certain amount of business history, wealth or contortions to attain. 
That is why a lot of young people write in their blogs." 
Sherin Sultana thinks that because she is from a middle class family she cannot be exceptional. 
What I'm trying to say is that maybe blogalization can be like the positive aspects of globalization. 
Brazil: Shocking image of a cruel reality · Global Voices 
So is the massacring of the environment. 
Yesterday, six Global Voices bloggers on different continents participated in a conference call with Desmond Tutu, Mary Robinson, and Graça Machel. 
You can listen to an audio recording of the conversation here (thanks to Preetam Rai). 
‘We’re census-takers,’ said Idrissa. 
Samba wagged his index finger in front of the census-taker’s nose. 
‘Not all of them. 
You were at the Bloguivianos conference. 
So where's the peace prize? 
Avshalom Adam makes an interesting argument, comparing the teacher's dilemma to that of Socrates: 
A small thing opened on the world 
In Lebanon, Sietske spends Eid on a boat ride, along with pictures. She writes: 
In any case Jassim and people like him don't really know or care to know about our anti-demonstration law, our independent investigation committees, or even the International Declaration for Human Rights that we signed apparently. 
It’s already got the right name for it. 
In addition, Colombian president Álvaro Uribe was also a subject for Colombian bloggers, especially for his conflicts with the Supreme Court , dealings with the family of hostages, and his bittersweet visit to Washington, D.C. 
o I would like to commend KISS FM for the work they are doing. 
A mid-December report by the government's own intelligence service gave Raila Odinga an even larger lead of 8% to 15% over Mwai Kibaki. 
Congratulations!We were very impressed with your event. 
In Guatemala, many have relatives that have migrated outside of the country for better opportunities and as a result, many are not able to return to Guatemala or deportations have separated loved ones. 
Note here how the victim isn't important. 
Actually, the international community, especially the U.S. and Europe, should be quite vocal in condemning some of the dirty tricks Saakashvili’s team resorted to. 
Walking daily down the streets in Egypt, Nader G. EL-Attar had been noticing for a while the relationship between the rich in his country and the poor, and most importantly the way these polarized classes interact with one another. 
Low temperatures have forced people to wear outer clothing inside their offices and homes: 
But there is crisis in banking sector, stock market is still very weak and most pension funds show low profitability. 
The good news is that carnival starts earlier than usual this year, going on (officially) from 2 through 5 February. 
The blogger shares another story about his father’s MRI investigation in a diagnostic center in Dhaka. 
What if it was some innocent man from a rural area who can’t read? 
Any failures to deliver will, I think, result in a 'I told you so', kind of display from the BLP, and might make some people second guess themselves about putting the DLP in power. 
Like for example, a Saudi bloger is in jail now for some blog article of his, similar cases have happened in Africa, Tunisia, Bahrain, Kuwait, Egypt, Algeria etc.. 
The past week was eventful, and while the traditional media in Armenia were pondering their adequate response so as to avoid "unnecessary complications", the Armenian Internet community were discussing the comings and goings of the current political scene at full speed. 
Breaching of the wall in Rafah represents a new period in the Gaza strip and its relationship with Israel. 
Below is a selection of Anglophone bloggers' views on the outcome of Serbia's presidential election. 
you can see a few more photos in here: http://baki-neko.livejournal.com/72265.html 
Question 2: Why are men too proud to admit that they do care about such things as love!? 
A beautiful card from a secret admirer! 
Feb 22 is Japanese Cat Day and Mari has a round-up with links to cat photos and paintings. 
It is the same with war crimes. 
Third, there is too much silence in Serbia. 
Fellow blogger Dewa Mavhinga has discussed Zimbabwe’s unfair electoral environment in his latest postings. 
As Sami Ben Gharbia reported on Global Voices Advocacy last week, Mourtada was arrested on February 5 after Moroccan authorities discovered his false Facebook profile of the member of the royal family. 
One of the many examples of where this new money is going, is the construction boom Syria has been witnessing. 
As I wrote his, I still don’t have a reaction from the Rift Valley. 
Everybody knows who these things belong to. 
"Am I happy today, 
Maybe we will move from Ashkelon to another place, where within 5 years we'll realize that rockets also fall in Tel Aviv, where our honorable aristocrats live. 
The blog community portal Nicaragua y Su Blog celebrates one year of highlighting new and existing blogs throughout the country. 
The election has made me sad somehow. 
It is one of many to feel the impact of food and fuel crisis through the globe. 
While wishing the campaign success,ISIS, who describes herself as "an addict in recovery", warns that secular youth spreading the message, might fare better than their religious counterparts. 
Mansurhon tries to understand the purpose of the Center for Political studies founded by Gulnara Karimova, daughter of Uzbekistan President Islam Karimov and rumored successor of the country's leader. 
South Africa: Skewed media coverage · Global Voices 
Algeria: The White Man and Arab Americans · Global Voices 
However, Bosnia News explains that: 
The strike, all over Egypt, created a rift in opinions, between those confirming its success and others announcing its abortion and even failure. 
Zeinobia reports “Mahala on Fire” and says: 
At least back in the 90’s youngster in the same age group as he is would probably share more or less the same amount of hate and distress, but at least there was hope back then, there was a saviour in sight. 
If the trial was fabricated with a purpose to take over the “Orima” chain, its next owner (or the patron of this person) can be considered as a mastermind of the trial. 
It is even more appropriate that the Pope visit a synagogue on the eve of Passover, being that the Last Supper was a Seder. 
Kuwait: Remembering Chernobyl · Global Voices 
Accordingly, over 100 million Chinese internet users have been used to turning on their computers along with this tiny software, a few MB large, to drag down sea of online resources to the hardware, and in an exceeding speed. 
This partnership brings us a Myanmar refugee in India recording children's laughter, an Iranian family in a refugee camp in Afghanistan recording their idea of Hope, and an Indian in Bangalore filming the cutting down of Banyan trees... and children planting new trees. 
Which is, to say the least, amazing. 
Debteraw Blog mentioned Afro in a list of "political prisoners" in the entry Tensae Le-Ethiopia. 
La primera generación thinks that "Cuba clearly violated the Universal Declaration of Human Rights which it is a signatory to", adding: 
This was my whole evening! 
For now, I would say that most of the bloggers are in the diaspora, where it is much easier as they have better Internet access and a few are in Malawi - with not so regular access but one I would describe as considerable access! 
Saudi blogger Hadeel El Hadeef passed away exactly a month after her 25th birthday. 
Israel: Going Green with Gore · Global Voices 
What would happen if individuals and corporations had a carbon tax? 
Photo by Fixem and used under a Creative Commons license. 
Yes, we have many Iranian LGBTIQ bloggers, and most of them live inside Iran. 
"The idea is to make a episode per week, perhaps not as long, with an improved edition by the experience. 
Uzbeks are very hospitable and positive people. 
Don and Marsha of Congo Chatter have a detailed post on 'how things are sold' in Kinshasa. 
Nicaragua: Twittnic and the Expanding Blogosphere · Global Voices 
If elected president, he may be able to revive the currently stagnated Middle East peace process. 
We can share news, express our opinions, communicate with other fellow bloggers for any campaign purposes through blog. 
DesertPeace was among the first to comment, and was outraged by the lack of media coverage: 
Nor have they always been subject to repressive rule. 
Here is a roundup of several opinions and experiences related to the massacres in eastern Bosnia and Herzegovina during the 90's. 
To them and to their families. 
In this connection, it seems relevant to mention that in 1985, Palestinian terrorists hijacked a whole ship, , with 400 passengers on board, also demanding freedom for Samir Kuntar. 
Blogger Ayman Haykal (Ar), a Syrian blogger in the US, asks his readers if Kuntar truly smashed a four-year-old girl's head: 
The commenter who said it's the same as in Western countries - it is, but only when there is a court-issued warrant . 
As if they know who the enemy, the devil, is. 
I create screen-based visualizations as well as physical networked objects. 
I suspect it’s the latter; I once visited one of the rural Internet cafes and noticed that patrons were basically checking email, logging into social networking sites or downloading music. 
But in my passport, I'm Georgian. 
He also feels vindicated that Jamaica "is finally getting its props in sprinting. 
Today, Hurricane Gustav began to rage over Louisiana and Trinidadian diaspora blogger Afrobella's heart went out to the city of New Orleans: 
Now, bloggers from the capital and in other cities across the country provide their reflections and reactions to the march. 
Ask vice presidential candidate Joe Biden. 
Sarthak Gaurav, blogging on the India Development Blog, says that easy availability of these chemicals is partly to blame. 
Sunshine is becoming frustrated:: 
Spreading the culture of violence through that means or way is not less dangerous than other ways of spreading the culture of violence. 
This amount is in 31 days, let's divide it together on 31, we will find that the daily revenue is 88 million and 606 thousand pounds and a small fraction, I will round the figures to make things easier. 
Minister of Intelligence Ronnie Kasrils; 
But the gains in delivering relief supplies, gathering information about needs and supporting local communities are at risk without continued commitment to food security, livelihood and early recovery activities.” 
We can always have fun. 
They had got used to us, and we had got used to them, as if we were ‘one family’. 
In the left column, we can find the most popular tags. 
It seems hundreds of them are announced but few of them unfold, or so the general perception holds and that is typically the argument for the opposition. 
What's the big deal about a little trade agreement? 
Here the zoo only costs about 25 cents so regular visits to see Chelito were very feasible for everyone. 
Haley, blogging on adventures as an ambassadorial scholar, says: 
This is a lost generation. 
Many of the kids come to school dressed in elaborate costumes. 
The complex recipe has up to 150 ingredients, from vegetables to meats of all kinds, even fish! 
Havana Times reports that "Tropical Storm Paloma is on a course that could reach Cuba by Sunday or Monday." 
Many Paraguayan bloggers reacted to this situation and expressed their opinions. 
That was when the legend of Dada was born. 
The doctors for ignoring their ethical responsibilities? 
It brought this upon its own head. It was also unprofessional of the Prime Minister to use his office to intimidate two of the idiots also. 
The only way to "Stop Rape" is to end the war. 
South Korea: School Boy Beaten to Death · Global Voices 
Do we know? 
The leaders of 21 countries or "member economies" will arrive to Peru accompanied by a team, often impressive in size. For example, the Chinese delegation includes more than 120 persons. 
On National’s part, this is because addressing climate change in any meaningful manner will annoy powerful farming and roading interests that helped to get them elected. 
Don’t be tempted to sacrifice the freedom of another for your own safety. 
The situation has put everyone on alert, and those passing from far away can hear the neighbor’s gossip on the fact that she is a woman infected with HIV. 
Description: A young victim of HIV, his heath situation is not good, but he gets a lot of encouragement via other more experienced HIV-positive bloggers. 
I wouldn’t risk my safety there unless I had to. 
Residents of the affected localities will have to adapt to this development, as Third Wave shared in this brief anecdote: 
Nicaragua: Post-Election Violence and Accusations of Fraud · Global Voices 
Not dogmatists. 
In another post, Itching for Eestimaa writes about the town of Kohtla-Järve: 
I heard a man's voice: "Tell this cow to stop roaring!" 
We would wake up bright and early that day just to make sure the gifts were there. 
Israellycool is liveblogging events as they happen, and of course check Global Voices' own special coverage page for updates. 
After all, Hamas has always been cleaner than Fatah (its main political rival) and had a much better record in respecting the democratic process in Palestine since its inception. 
There are many more facts to sober one drunk on apathy, but I can’t source or share them now. 
An online petition in their support has also been established here. 
The revolution will last for fifty years, said the voice. 
Why the taboo on criticising Israel? 
The popular trend of cup cakes around the globe has not escaped Brunei and it has become a favourite among bloggers and their customers. 
Bangladeshi bloggers had heated discussions on media repressions in the country. 
Human Rights Watch is also calling upon Israel to stop the unlawful use of White Phosphorus in its war on Gaza. 
Joe's Trippin' posts an extended entry complete with photographs and video of this week's Day of Ashura in Baku, the capital of the Republic of Azerbaijan. 
Before this massacre, the people of Gaza were barely living due to the crippling siege that had closed off the land, sea and air, that had blocked the entry of raw materials and supplies, of food and medicines, and that had led 97% of businesses in Gaza to close. 
Cheuck Hang suggests to demonstrate at the Consulate General of Israel in Hong Kong. 
Cannibalism among mammals is reported occasionally but it commonly involves killing and eating of young (infanticide) by male animals to eliminate competition. 
Translated, La Niña means, "The Little Girl" , but sometimes she is called "El Viejo", "anti-El Niño", or even just "a cold event". 
Attempting to change the date would be a move by the Rudd Government I would favour - they would then be thrown out of office. 
Next day, on February, 4th, the government of Kyrgyzstan approved and directed to the parliament the law project has officially declared that they hadn't received the formal notification about the decision to close the base. 
Part of the difficulty in our circumstances was compounded by the fact that we rarely heard these three simple words and as a result, found it difficult to say them ourselves. 
Nonetheless, TV programs and lifestyle magazines are doing their best to inspire hope among their viewers and readers that not everything is lost. 
Lekhni at The imagined Universe tries to find "Why do Indians hate Slumdog Millionaire?" 
This investigation is rather suspicious to me. 
I can't live without it. 
Memo to UK Jews: What the hell are you waiting for? 
There is no way to determine which of the competing views was really correct. 
A former student at Antioquia University in Medellín, Colombia was killed with six shots to the head by two masked men. 
But Nelly Movsesyan (20) did not agree with Sargis and Mataqsya, and argued that boys and girls should decide themselves when they wanted to have sex. 
Bloggers were immediately on top of the story - Barbados Free Press apologized to the victims' families on behalf of a shocked nation, prompting a mainstream media newspaper in Ottawa to declare the blog "the only outlet to speak out for Schwarzfeld", who had been in a coma since the beating. 
Funes, a former television journalist, ends nearly two decades of rule by the ARENA party and brings FMLN into power, which is a party that was built by former guerrilla fighters after a peace deal ended armed conflict in that country. 
Everybody knows how the prices of lands and apartments shot up. 
Eev has a bitter irony in her anxiety that soon Internet might be issued on points - like sugar during perestroika. 
Since the start of the war in 2003 we had to move house three times for various reasons... While looking through the boxes of our belongings I found the notebook, with newspapers, photos and the flyers I had kept. 
Wikipedia has more of his background. 
This is one of the first and the best monuments to, as you say, "Volodka," and, unlike thousands of inferior copies, it is really a serious work of art created by world-renowned masters. have also worked on the building of the , for example. 
Here are the positions of Sudanese most prominent political parties. 
From there, they had to flee again, to Ivory Coast, as the Sierra Leone regime supported Sekou Touré. 
During this meeting, President Dadis Camara asked forgiveness from the members of our Association and revealed that his own father was among the victims. 
Also ignoring that can make a situation for us more dangerous than Bush's term because Obama can mobilize political leaders and public opinion against Iran. 
Among the versions of the assassination of Sulim Yamadayev I haven't yet seen the one stating that it was done by the Georgian special service as revenge for his role in the 2008 war with South Ossetia. 
While MixMax’s post did not make it clear whether he is commemorating the fall or liberation of Baghdad, blogger Zahra al-Rawi has no time for fence sitters. 
Don't forget to press the "J'aime" button to vote for your favorite blog! 
The media report which generated the most controversy was Johann Hari's hard-hitting article in The Independent entitled The dark side of Dubai, in which Hari described Dubai as "a living metal metaphor for the neo-liberal globalised world that may be crashing – at last – into history". 
Wonder if it manages to break stereotypes anywhere. 
MysticSaint at Inspirations and Creative Thoughts visited the Ramakrishna Temple of Dhaka and wrote about Sri Sri Ramakrishna (February 18, 1836 - August 16, 1886), a remarkable mystic saint of Bengal. 
Who made me do it? 
If this is how journalists are treated, what is the situation of bloggers?" 
One of the biggest things that I liked about the manifesto is the promise to get the 25 Lakh Crore Rupees of black money in Swiss banks back into the market in India. 
The Congress, stung by competition's accusation that their government had not done enough to, stated that the BJP's claim of the aforementioned amounts was based on 'bogus' sources and hence lacked credibility. 
I am resigning as president pro-tempore of the Liberian senate,” Sen. Nyanibo announced during a senate session. 
Health officials in China might be reading too much Michelle Malkin these days; following a decision to cancel all flights from Mexico, which then warned its citizens to stay away from China, authorities in Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou are reported to have rounded up at least 41 Mexican citizens, none of whom are said to be showing any symptoms of H1N1. 
St. Lucia, Jamaica: Indian Arrival Day · Global Voices 
Tools such as Twitter were used to send out updates on the detentions. 
Protests have been ongoing in London, many parts of Canada and more recently in Australia. 
May 18 marked the 65th anniversary of Sürgün, the 1944 deportations of Crimean Tatars from their homeland in Crimea. 
First is the fact that one of the key political parties contesting in the elections is the ruling party, the Democrartyic Progerssive Party (DPP), that was never ever eleected by the electorate for it to be in power. 
No government purportedly intent on justice can condone the unecessary, brutally prolonged and cowardly assault on 19-year old Sakuisa Rabaka, in January 2007 (yes, it took that long to come to court). 
Messenger to submit their questions. 
Jankovic also said that, according to the video, it was obvious that the patients of the center had been injured very seriously and that could not be a treatment or therapy. 
There are many women on their fifth or more pregnancy and desirous of more – cause 'di man wan’ more. 
Cayman Islands: Native Tongue · Global Voices 
One asks how long we will sit back for while other countries continue to build up and develop their arsenals and weapon stocks - and another wonders why Saudi Arabia doesn't have its own space programme. 
This is not true, notes slavasay; he reminds that it has been 4 years ago when the "Textbook" research center was created under the Ministry. 
I am no beggar of an Arab, 
And lord-fame tells about rumored violations during the test. 
He complained that Qarase and his SDL-led government ruled solely for the benefit of the majority indigenous Fijian community at the expense of other ethnic groups, especially the minority Indo-Fijian population, descendants of workers imported roughly 100 years ago by British colonials to toil in Fiji’s sugar and copra industry. 
I have so far changed the design 50 times and have not made up my mind yet. 
Glad I didn't wait for the wires or traditional, mainstream media to catch up. 
It is a country of non-professionals. 
She who raised her daughter to accept all sorts of insults from her fiancee for fear of ending up outside the marriage institution is a woman. 
From Azerbaijan: 
It allows us to shrink their existence and reduce our friction to occasional ball swapping, replacing the occupation goal with a goal conquest. 
Mostly hateful, the comments to Tatsiana's post sound far angrier than the one below, posted by LJ user rassenstolz: 
"On August 1, 1985, Trinidad and Tobago became the first country in the world to declare a national holiday to commemorate the abolition of slavery": Repeating Islands highlights Emancipation Day celebrations in the twin island republic. 
Moubamba is trying to level the playing field. 
Taiwan: Racist cartoon causes controversy · Global Voices 
Via walkie-talkie, they summoned additional help, to push all the reporters inside the metro station. 
Forever696 tweeted with irony that if we believe in Ahmadinejad's 24 million votes, we will believe in these trials. 
To me, it is the truest and greatest acknowledgment of the freedom we currently enjoy and wish to safeguard and hone further from the clutches of the current powers that be. 
It is regretful that we have come so far in the struggle for gay rights and recognition only to be publicly smeared by a single unaware Jordanian publisher." 
I flew a thousand miles to be safe in this country, so if they take me back, it’s just like killing me. 
In fact, it may not be TE-Data only, but other ISP's are believed to start doing the same thing. @Tafatefo who is subscribed to LINKdotNET wrote the following tweet: كل الشركات .. مش تي اي داتا بس ... وأنا أصلاً لينك .. عموماً الـ80 جيجا بتوع الـ5 ميجا دول يخلصوا عندي في أسبوع بالكتير It's all the ISPs, not TE-Data only ... 
But it is counter-productive when it produces racism and xenophopia. 
I found that they didn't ask for a name, but rather for a pseudonym and a birthdate to be my identity there. 
Azeri Report posts many photographs of the action held outside the Azerbaijani Embassy in the U.S. capital. 
He has earned himself a place in history with a phrase that has made the current political crisis in the Senate, triggered by accusations of corruption against the current Senate President José Sarney, more riveting than the evening soap opera. 
Then one-who was actually a security guard-approached him and took out a gun. 
The KyusiReader looks at why Filipinos love to cover books with plastic. 
For example, the King of the Baganda tribe rules over the Kingdom of Buganda. 
In other words, to discard those things that don't help the relationship, and keep pounding away at the rest. 
Easily one the best things in Ghana to eat. 
There were no signs to follow or people to ask directions from, so I just followed the smells…finally I found the elusive Ghanaian restaurant. 
I recall a story my aunt told me about a Muslim family who lived in her small town. 
Sarah Sanyahumbi, head of British development organization DFID's Nepal division posted about the Duchess' Nepal visit in the organization's blog. 
Mexico: Recent Explosions Around Capital · Global Voices 
lavradar: 
IP is important in the wrong ways, he argues - it's important to let a software service company in Argentina or Brazil to compete with a US company because both companies use open source software. 
Ntlemo says the program “has revolutionised the way we teach.” 
As a citizen, I'd like to hear something else. 
Demonstration in San Juan. 
Serbia: Gay Pride Parade Postponed · Global Voices 
So while the blogosphere may have been quiet, a lot of action is on and the world is talking. 
Kai Pan commented: 
Laos: House for spirits shop · Global Voices 
In concert with this mode of attack, every rickety boat that happens to depart Colombo or elsewhere on its way to Australia apparently represents a failure of Rudd Government policy in comparison with the Howard Government’s illustrious record. 
"She is crying and weeping and said, 'We were in the jungles for one month'," he said. "But she is quite well nourished and she spoke very good English. She is not from Sri Lanka." 
I've been lucky in this sense - I've nothing against Turgenev, after whom my street is named :) 
Kojo runs two blogs, Imperfectpoetry which is purely dedicated to his poetry and kojobaffoe a wordpress blog where he writes his ‘ramblings’ as he calls them. 
The following morning, L4L made a similar post albeit in a much shorter form and injected with some humor, perhaps in an effort to lift the spirits of others. 
Uruguay: Presidential Election Heads for Runoff · Global Voices 
I found the results of this survey alarming because if these women can't afford birth control, how will they afford the cost of having a child? 
"We have also already sent an SOS to the international community because this is the one of the biggest outbreaks not just in the Philippines but in the world…" 
Today I want to make you aware if you're not already, of a group of dissident bloggers presently under fire for blogging in Cuba. 
Adnan and Emin answered few questions after Vusal and Babek and they were so clear and accurate, contrast was almost scary. People like Emin and Adnan who made their choice and are proudly standing by it. 
They are also working on a new initiative called Through the Lens, where 15 to 17 year old youth who "graduate" from the magazine continue developing skills to create short films, news pieces and other video productions to further "productive, peace-building dialogue and positive interaction". 
At this stage I could get on my high horse and discuss the damage rape does to its survivors. 
Desertification is taking its toll worldwide. 
She looks at a recent article “The Cloud, the Crowd, and Public Policy” by Michael Nelson, where Nelson “traces the evolution pf ICTs from Phase 1: standalone devices, through Phase 2: the World Wide Web, to Phase 3: the Cloud.” 
Before, we could be liable to life imprisonment. gug hereby declares that, when the President of the Republic signs this law, gug will be liable to the death penalty… because I and my lover are serial offenders, breaking this law. 
President Sólyom doesn't seem to be too concerned, although according to Hungarian sociologists every week at least one woman dies as a result of domestic violence. 
While very little is known/atleast available online with regards to Mwalimu Mati one thing is certain ;he is a true defender of public interest Kudos to him! 
Turns out we may have a plague. 
Whatever matters looks back to assess the Bhutanese government's performance this year. 
(That’s the amazing thing about Twitter: you have direct access to so many journalists and other public figures in one forum.) 
Trinidad & Tobago: No Hope? · Global Voices 
The first quake struck on the evening of Sunday 6thgovernment and Red Cross are providing assistance to the victims of the earthquake but equally the government should also provide answers as to what happened? 
There is no running water and the doors of all the classrooms have many holes, but few are used because of their condition. 
citronsk: 
There are more than I can name, but in particular we wait on one single friend who lived near the Hotel Montana – which has reportedly collapsed. 
And keep checking GV's Haiti Special Coverage Page. 
Online, the proposal has been received with almost universal ridicule. 
Most if not all these bloggers are among the famous citizen journalists. 
There are many reasons small-scale farmers in developing countries need special attention. 
The Choir of Acteal is a unique group of indigenous singers in the south of Mexico, from the “tzotzil” region of Chiapas. 
She couldn’t hold back her tears and as she cried her heart out again, I knew that I couldn’t let her down. 
Below is the video presentation of the government project: 
We're delighted to announce the Global Voices Citizen Media Summit 2010! 
As a social critic, his insights have had a profound impact on the political and social development of Jamaica, and it should be remembered that Mr. Nettleford was one of the first to recognize the importance and impact of Rastafari in Jamaica and the Caribbean. 
Russia Liberilizes Rules For Wi-Fi · Global Voices 
Unhappy with their own regular lives, they expect me to be living their dream, so – at the risk of being castrated for being a whiny, unappreciative asshole upon my return – my answers to such “questions” must always include the words “amazing,” “unbelievable,” or “incredibly hot.” 
Abbott’s policy does none of the above. 
At every sports event organized by national sports organizations the anthem will be performed. 
Organized by journalists Daniela Silva and Pedro Markun , the event has free entry and is an opportunity for software developers, journalists and researchers to gather together to find ways to “scrape” data from official websites and create applications that bring transparency and participation to the political processes. 
It was not known when Zuma would tie the knot with Ngema. 
PPT doubts that many of Bangkok’s population will ever know what is being said at the rally apart from the call for the government to call an election. 
I met a group of nurses and doctors volunteering at one of the many first aid stations along the protest route. 
According to ACM-Consulting, the number of Runet (Russian Internet) users who have a broadband access in 2009 has raised by 36 percent from 8.3 to 11.3 millions. 
However, Google's R&D work will continue to stay in China. 
Haiti: Social Media Speaking · Global Voices 
This action has caused protests of citizens and a lot of reactions by Belgrade’s writers, artists and other famous people in the press and on the internet. 
Last month, Sony Arianto Kurniawan or Sony AK from Mega Kuningan, Jakarta in Indonesia was threatened with a trademark infringement lawsuit by Japan’s Sony Corporation if he does not close his personal website whose domain name is www.sony-ak.com. 
The village 
Some still struggle with accepting the facts: 
Strikingly, the belief that wearing short skirts induces rape cases surprises the respondents: 
How did the election commission declare the video fake before investigating?: How the NEC declared such a footage fake before even investigating it? 
Liveblog reports are available through Jotman, GJBKK Blog, Bangkok Pundit, Political Prisoners in Thailand. 
We have blockaded protest. We have not yet entered the protest area. 
Sporadic clashes are occurring in Bangkok and the provinces. 
19:15 - Thaksin: “The pictures that I have seen go beyond any nightmares”... 
Feel free to give all your money to them though, I'm sure you're not a "rich bastard", are you bob. 
Really the reasons for refusing them bail are not in line with the Constitution" 
For example, in June, 2002 then-President of Mexico, Vicente Fox, signed his country's first freedom of information law which requires government agencies to publish in a routine and accessible manner all information concerning their daily functions, budgets, operations, staff, salaries, internal reports, and the awarding of contracts and concessions. 
Government blames social networks over Tivoli http://www.jamaicaobserver.com/news/Government-blames-social-networks-over-Tivoli 
We traveled, we shared a bed, we shared food, we shared a wonderful piece of life together. 
Most people outside France confuse the country with Nigeria, can’t prononce its name, and wouldn’t know the proper noun for its inhabitants (Nigerien, versus Nigerian). 
Not that it was such a problem in capitalism. 
According to Reuters: 
Watch the movie promo: 
And calls into question the entire rest of the scenario. 
He wondered why people are more horrified by the deaths of Palestinians than others (Iraqis in his case)? 
Lebanese Voices made the point that Gazan waters are not in fact Israeli waters, as Israel unilaterally withdrew from Gaza in 2005 and illegally maintains control over Gaza's waters. 
But why aren’t you sending aid to the Kurds? 
China: Film director beats up foreigner at swimming pool · Global Voices 
Aritra jokes, 
Egypt: 30 Days of Blogging · Global Voices 
As an example, he talks about a program where delinquent youth are encouraged to engage in the arts to keep them busy and away from crime. 
It took less than a day for her personal information including her home address, cellphone number and photos be revealed and her Cyworld page (Korean version of Facebook) bombarded with curses. 
The Russian government gets more and more involved in the restructuring of the national cyberspace. 
Freedom has a cost." 
Everyone is stealing the blessings of this country. 
Anja Vujevic, a journalist, in an article published in Belgrade’s weekly “Pecat’’ on July 8, 2010, offered an explanation why the President of the Republic of Serbia does not want to visit Bratunac: 
She is the daughter of a refugee who has seen not a single inch of his land his whole life, and of a mother who lives with her heart split between her homeland and a foreign country, between her family and her marriage, between her mother and her home, between her siblings and her children. 
It was not. 
Does my mother hate her university friend who had to flee from Baku, but then, years after, having found my mum on Facebook, got in touch? 
First, some context: 
Eton Sahertia Good job, wake them up Mr. Pong :) 
The blogger writes about the crisis facing this endangered tribe. 
We want to spark a movement. 
Trinidad and Tobago News Blog , meanwhile, republishes the Prime Minister's Emancipation Day message and covers the local celebrations via a comprehensive list of related mainstream media stories. 
Ariel "Peterporn" became a twitter trend a few days ago. 
Five ships have been deployed in the region. 
How can we rejoice in the motherland when she lies before us ravaged and broken? 
It renders public distrust against the government, but there’s still no mechanism for citizens to dissent. 
And the promise has changed too. 
… In fact, all it would take would be the opportunity to introduce a Private Member’s Bill with a subsequent free vote. 
Where's all the money going, Sohu economics forum member BRY seems to ask in this post from last week, "Why do Chinese always save so much?", starting first by comparing the health care systems of Australia, Sweden and Thailand with that of China: 
This was when I felt like crying for the first time in these three days, because there was some hope now that we would get out of there. 
It is known for its strong smell and taste which are appreciated and detested at the same time by many people. 
First, the fact that it’s the 21st century and Jordanians are still being tried for lese majeste - a law so archaic that it begs to reason why any nation would dare continue to use it and still promote itself as progressive - is beyond me. 
Azerbaijan: Baku welcomes the world's highest flag... and a strong wind · Global Voices 
My name is Goddess reminds her readers on the importance of peace and solidarity, 
According to the United Nations' Regional Deputy Representative Against Drug Trafficking for Africa, Cyriaque Sobtafo, West Africa has become the revolving door for cocaine traffic. 
Please note that there might be some bugs on the site (character encoding issues to be sorted out) and other early stage problems, but the team hopes to solve the problems, study the platform and look for additional assistance. 
Onnik Krikorian, of Armenia, noted that although security issues can be a problem, platforms like Facebook can also open up channels for interaction that don’t exist elsewhere. 
"For a week, we were stranded, with no food or relief from the authorities or anyone." Ghulam Asghar, aged 35 relates. 
As a result, I have met many Armenian talented young minds and also taken part in what was a spontaneous and unexpected trip to an ethnically Azeri-populated village in Georgia with a journalist from Yerevan, Onnik Krikorian. 
This information was conveyed to local authorities (who did little), the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (to investigate under the Lacey Act), the French delegation in Copenhagen, and media (which mostly ignored the story) Satellite imagery from what I understand is expensive and Google Earth imagery is not good enough (resolution and frequency) in this case. 
If we forget about fighting corruption and stop talking about it, that will be even better for (our) own health. 
On October 2, following intense negotiations with the Chilean government, 25 Mapuche prisoners being held in jails in the cities of Concepción, Angol, Temuco and Valdivia, ended a hunger strike that lasted 82 days. 
The same applies to blogs — at least a hundred and fifty Malawians have personal online diaries. 
But no, there's more to this. 
Instead, Luzhkov's dismissal is predominantly interpreted as part of a struggle between Medvedev and Putin for the 2012 presidential elections. 
Asia: Videos on Drug Abuse and Detention Centers · Global Voices 
Interestingly I learn that in urban and rural areas, improved sanitation (basically latrines with slabs and flush toilets) are only at 65% and 46% respectively! 
There are only two Ecuadorian universities ranked among the top 100 in Latin America: ESPOL at number 25 and UTPL (Technical University of Loja) at number 66. 
Photo courtesy of Juan Francisco Guerra Salazar, an industrial engineering student in the ESPOL 
Great precaution for dispassionate results". 
It is now September 2010, and I am honoured to say that there is now a strong number of local readers, plus the number of unique visitors from all over the world has been growing from strength to strength." 
Love its focus on è positive. Worth a visit. 
Min Lwin of the Democratic Voice of Burma adds more information 
My thoughts goes out to the victims of Mentawai, Mt. Merapi & lets not forget Wasior people in Papua 
TBC [Tanzania Broadcasting Corporation} had some great live coverage from Ubungo. 
Help us to be those who break cycles of retribution, even as we advocate for justice with bold persistence. 
* Does it mean to say that Munya will pocket the whole cash just like that? 
So France has shifted into lower gear. 
I just did what I could and leave the rest to God. 
Radio Primerísima reports: 
I always wanted to come to Oaxaca. 
Online Video Contest on Responsible Consumption has Winner · Global Voices 
In September, the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) said that the number of people who will suffer chronic hunger this year has fallen from last year's record 1.02 billion to 925 million. 
Today the judiciary is compromised…tomorrow no that judge is not compromised. 
On the other hand, some Saudis are skeptical about the Samar's story, and question about the authenticity of the documents published on blogs. 
Saro-Wiwa and the eight other leaders of the Movement for the Survival of the Ogoni People were tried by a special military tribunal convened by the Abacha regime, a tribunal which was perceived as being so corrupt that nearly all the defense lawyers on the case resigned in protest (witnesses in the trial later admitted to being bribed to give false testimony). 
Robert Amsterdam, a lawyer who is part of the legal team representing Mikhail Khodorkovsky, wrote this about the Russian segment of Cablegate: 
The Indian media has also gone in a frenzy trying to cover her every move, from her clothes and greetings to what she ate. 
His view on this David and Goliath tussle : "I think the entire thing is utterly silly." 
Once again, we will gather to stand by Iranian students in their struggle for democracy and freedom, remembering those courageous souls who stood up for their rights and spoke out against brutal IRI repression and despotism, likes of Majid Tavakoli and over 70 other students who have been imprisoned ever since and many more who have been expelled from universities across Iran for practicing their right to freedom of speech and assembly! 
“The social attitudes, prejudiced laws and intolerant world views that breed in our society need to be thrown into the rubbish tip of history. 
The classified documents were transmitted between May 28th, 2008, and February 9th, 2010. 
However, he couldn’t avoid the inevitable pun on Obama’s 2008 slogan in his post title: 
Guy Berger maintains that Pluralism is a bigger priority than press ownership: "There's renewed focus on newspaper ownership by the ANC, even as the ruling party is becoming less hardline about the Media Appeals Tribunal and the Secrecy Bill." 
So on November 19, 2010 two new Twitter profiles were created, also called @KremlinRussia and @KremlinRussia_E while the original ones were renamed @MedvedevRussia and @MedvedevRussiaE. 
If there is something that the city has is that, although many of us weren't born here (I was born in Merida, a city of the Venezuelan Andes and several of my friends are from other cities too), we feel so "guaros"* as anyone born in this locality. (*) In Venezuela, they call "guaro" people born or living in the Lara State, whose capital is Barquisimeto. 
Politics are always a hot topic in the region, and this year was not an exception. 
Arrest these fools pliz and save us all this embarrassment. 
Please take your time to study it before promoting matters you do not understand. http://www.zambianwatchdog.com/2010/11/02/full-baratseland-agreement-of-1964/ 
However, once in a year — on the day of Nagpanchami this bar is lifted and women are expected to dance and play games. 
It is a TOKEN of appreciation to the woman's family on how well groomed she is. undersevedly this commercialisation is a misinterpretation of the basis on which this was founded. 
The organization, through the late Allison Des Forge, was the first to raise the alarm on the killings that were taking place during the 1994 period." 
Michael from El blog de Mike titles his post "National music, Who says that there is no talent here?" and then shares with his readers a wide sample of YouTube videos showing what he considers the best of Costa Rican music. 
Giles Muhume, Rolling Stone editor, remained defiant in the face of the court ruling. 
And finally, I always have the freedom and economic ability to leave the places I go. 
Twitter is banned now from home DSL and soon from mobiles. we r being trapped 
Abdelrahman Hassan tweets: 
The role of the internet and social media in emboldening the Tunisian uprising that led to the first ever popular Arab revolution to topple an Arab dictator, was pivotal. 
She writes in The Huffington Post: 
Water cannons pointed at protesters 
One could say that the fall of Mubarak's government is vital and joyful and at the same time, admit its possible outcome could mean war that might result in our defeat and the fall of Zionism in its current form. 
Now, few tips for those stuck at the airport or heading that way: first one- don't! 
The Government of Angola announced the introduction of seven national languages in the curricula of basic education in 2011, "to bridge the learning gap of children whose mother tongue is not Portuguese". 
Despite this, Sandmonkey was up and running this morning, trying to deliver aid and medical supplies to protesters, in Tahrir Square, Cairo, where pro-Mubarak thugs have been at work, terrorising the peaceful protesters calling for change. 
It is imperative to show them that the battle for the soul of Egypt isn't over and done with. 
Watching the pictures from Tunisia and Egypt, it looks like the crowd sizes in Iran were much larger. 
Design site a stark set of infographics visualizing the governments censorship on the internet around the world. 
The sentiment is echoed by Nadia El-Awady on Twitter: 
@jimsciuttoABC: Protest in front of ibrahim mosque in Alexandria full of people & smiles #Egypt #Jan25 http://yfrog.com/h7g8izqj 
3- Some people might read that as either dismantling the police force, and others will say "so that El-Ekhwan and AlQaeda can attack us." 
The good news is, the people are determined and increasing in numbers and the army might step in and save us all unnecessary bloodshed. 
Currently, the king appoints and dismisses prime ministers. 
Arrest during protest in fron of the Legislature. 
Petrusco, an engineer, blogger, musician and percussionist, is one of these Venezuelans spreading his love for Brazilian music online. 
One shows the protests as peaceful, indicating that the destruction was likely caused by thugs who were not amidst the main protests: This post is part of our special coverage on Morocco Protests 2011. 
The legendary city of Tangier is best known to most Westerners through the lens of its long-time resident, the American author Paul Bowles, and for its time as an Interzone. 
Saleh claims foreign sources have influenced opposition protesters, who may destabilize the country. 
Here are some descriptions of Tripoli airport amidst the crisis from the Twittersphere, these from 24 February, 2011: 
The reason for the protest in front of the National Assembly is to topple the bicameral system in addition to the protesters' other demands for a new constitution and the toppling of the regime. 
Sure and I have written about what society expects a prostitute to be. 
Other media did. 
A contributor on ThePhilippines.PH sees the Catholic Church's influence in the passage of this ordinance: 
Where was Kinzer when the RPF and Kagame went into the Congo and committed genocide there? 
Lastly, the Propagandist blogger Armin Rosen argues that the world has no choice but to defend human rights: 
Net users criticized how most conservative newspapers used the image. 
It is not because I am motivated of money and power. It is because I sense and aspire win-win situations in which bloggers have concerns about and are a part of. 
This project is being led by blogger and advertising expert Naoyuki Sato, better known as Satonao. 
1) LP Capital Partners 
A Yemeni activist (@yemen4change) tweets: 
There’s a sensation that the world is changing and I’m on another planet…Again I feel that it’s possible, that one day change will come, that the freedom of my life on the Web will one day be matched by my life on the street. 
@libyaWatan: So #Khamis is dead? is he or is he not? #Libya #Feb17 
I almost don't wanna believe it, too good to be true! #libya 
Less important but still pressing events become available to online audience after several hours. 
At the time of writing this post, it is still not known who is responsible for this action, as the blog Algo habré dicho (I must have said something) explains: 
In another article by Carine Fouteau on Mediapart (reproduced on Centrafrique Presse), Jean-Phillipe Chauzy, spokesman of International Organisation of Migration (IOM), explains: 
The post notes that some are alleging the move is part of an attempt to warn the opposition not to hold any more rallies although the political figure in question says he does not want to politicize the issue. 
The most popular blogging platform in Russia was only fully functional around midnight on the 30 March. 
So far there are 9 interviews on the site, and this is the latest one: 
Bangladesh: New Year Festival Getting Popular Each Year · Global Voices 
He is, after all, doing what Singapore likes to do: getting foreigners to do work that we don't want to do ourselves. 
Besides, you can stand for only one candidate unlike in online voting where you can use multiple email adderesses to vote for multiple people. 
But there are some differences in their behavior. 
Down the road President Saleh once again addressed thousands of his supporters in the now regular rival protests in the capital. 
Moving eulogies and remembrances from colleagues of the slain photojournalists abounded on Twitter, as well as in blogs and articles, in the following days: 
Christina Larson provided a personal remembrance of her friend Chris Hondros in Foreign Policy magazine: 
Hetherington had compiled this harrowing collection of graffiti images whilst covering the civil war in Liberia from behind rebel lines, which earned him an execution order from then president Charles Taylor: 
@damyna: 
Arab World: On Revolutions and Capitalism · Global Voices 
In the end, we’re just hurting ourselves. 
Christopher Schwartz explains the philosophy of the title and the book: 
Are you with us? 
Africa has its own Mark Zuckerbergs, Andrew Masons, Mark Pincuses, Larry Pages and Sergey Brins. 
Oxfam aid worker, Charles Bambara, describes his journey through war-torn Côte d'Ivoire, visiting communities of displaced people. 
Japan: Anti-nuclear power demonstrations in Shibuya · Global Voices 
The second part of the video shows orderly rows of protesters, eating food, and then cleaning up after their meal is over. 
We felt bad whenever we went to Haifa or Akka, visiting the rest of our homeland that is now dubbed "Israel", because he was missing out. 
Last week Uganda's lawyers went on strike to protest the violence with which police have cracked down on demonstrators. 
Image via @mimooso 
The Internet alone is not a sufficient force for change. 
It has opened new frontiers for citizen participation in governance. 
GV: What would you like to be remembered for? 
They will seem weak if they leave the control to someone else? 
She fits the stereotype of the region's female leaders. 
Uganda: Excitement as Cranes Edge Closer to African Nations Cup · Global Voices 
Not only was the director himself in town for the event, but so were the film's actors Andy Garcia, Dean Cain and others. 
@bicyclemark: right after she walked passed me some old american couple greeted her, shook her hand and side bye. hmm could have done that. 
On today's rally in Mezzeh, the DNN notes: 
The news was relayed on social networks, where even husbands showed off their wives driving skills. 
Let us remember them and thank them on this day, offering a special prayer for their families. 
Sate Hamza is not really pleased with those foreigners who speak for the Syrians and are critical to the speech: 
Reports are directly sent to the Tbilisi Municipality and 556 problems have been reported so far, with 344 already fixed. 
Chiluba's body will lie in state at the Mulungushi International Conference Centre in Lusaka. 
Photo by and courtesy of Sara Díaz Gómez. 
Alternatively, they could come round my yard and watch the two male dogs in my house attempting a bit of bum fun! 
- You're a foreign agent. 
Social media reactions 
@Khalid0901: Bahrain National Dialogue will be a healing process that will allow it to recover from the unfortunate incidents of the past. 
For some time, social network LiveJournal was unstable , the uploading speed was intentionally decreased to 2 megabytes per second. 
Riding steamships, dressing up, people sending you off, people welcoming you. 
There will of course be questions to asked and answered. 
It would be a national tragedy if this opportunity was squandered. 
Female wrestling in El Alto, Bolivia, has captured the attention of locals and visitors for more than ten years. 
Nepal Blogs provides a roundup of reactions of Nepali Twitter users on Nepal’s budget for fiscal year 2011/12 which was presented in the parliament today. 
Although @elguille wrongly mentioned the organization that hired Oblitas, he conveyed people's anger at that moment: 
We cant be comparable to Angola as you rightly put it, there oil makes them be above board. 
Joe Arroyo began his career at age 8 and participated in several salsa groups around the country, but he became famous when he joined the group “Fruko y sus Tesos”. 
Links to the report ricocheted around Twitter, accompanied by diverse opinions. 
How much longer can the federal government shirk its duty to protect U.S. citens by ignoring the security along our southern border? 
Read about Kelly's experiences of ocean in the desert in Botswana: "The Makgadikadi Pans are the largest salt pans in the world, located in the Kalahari Desert near the centre of Botswana. 
@hafizkl: U cannot blame who make the roadblock but blame who lead the #BerSHIT. 
A debate has opened on the platform Flamme d'Afrique, les autres voix de l’Afrique (Flame of Africa, other African voices) opened by the Panos Institute website, where Ousseini Issa compares the Chinese and Indian approaches in Africa: 
Unzipped comments on claims that Anders Behring Breivik, the Norwegian responsible for the 22 July terrorist attacks in Oslo and Utøya which killed at least 76 people, had online connections with extreme nationalists and neo-Nazis in many countries including Armenia. 
Or, if they choose, ignore them. 
When I saw him, I felt heavy-hearted and that the sit-in was going to be disbanded by force. 
@JonathanRashad: The army along with CSF are arresting many people here. 
Toussaint on Haiti maintains that "kicking people out of the IDP camps without providing them with an adequate alternative will not solve the problem", adding: "The only solution is for the government to provide some form of public housing engage in serious agrarian reforms that will provide real incentives for people to return to farming." 
The Malawi Stock Exchange estimated that at the end of 2010 mobile penetration in Malawi had risen to 23 percent, according to an article on the Investor Relations in Africa website. 
Latifundio owners are dedicating lands that were once used to produce food for locals to biodiesel crops or sugar cane, due to the rising price for these crops and the low tech and low number of peasants they require for cultivation, as the blog El Polvorin explains. 
At the end of the day, there were 22 reports of looting on the website and only one of "good news" when a local bakery handed out free cupcakes. 
Russia: A Psycho-Neurological Patient's Photo Stories · Global Voices 
Breaking the fast by candle light in Libya 
Our political leaders dutifully express shock at the accidents, pray for the salvation of the departed souls and express sympathy for the bereaved families. 
In my opinion, dictators who kill their own people and do no problem committing any crime imaginable, will not move out of scene unless a stronger hand intervenes. 
On the other hand, Katrina Stuart Santiago posed a crucial question to Revillame's critics: 
Khadijateri was incredulous : 
If he can keep his coalition partners and party hardliners happy, and create a workable environment within the government, he might just break the cycle of disappointments. 
I do not know under what degree of anguish and suffering a mother might send her child in a small boat to a foreign land. 
While in the United States she obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree in Corporate Communications, with a minor in Journalism, from Bernard M. Baruch College in New York. 
Eh...Kamla...I LETTING YUH KNOW, if I feel to leave MY house, I GO LEAVE MY HOUSE. 
With rare genius as hers comes an irreverent, unapologetic impatience with mediocrity. 
He further complements: 
On Friday the massacre intensified. 
Talking about the possible significance of the portal, Naveen says: 
Phok Hong, an indigenous Kuy from Prey Lang: “If I lose Prey Lang, I lose my life. 
Hassan Abdulla (@HassanAbdullaBH) found the hunger strike as a way of peaceful protest: 
However, President Santos is not only looking to expand Colombia’s ties with the Pacific economy. 
This intrusion of the state into virtual life, has stirred up the blogosphere. 
The campaigns activate in social networks before holidays, for example – it gives them traffic and sales. 
Halasgär sounded pessimistic: 
In the following video, Program Manager Priscila Néri shows us the day when the training comes together. 
However, this doesn’t mean that you cannot go and plant trees on your own initiative, elsewhere. 
As the Guangdong model is making a comeback, a number of commentators have criticized the Chongqing model for its authoritarian and non-democratic characteristics. 
He is causing alarm, fear and despondancy across the world. 
According to the organizers, “a total of 418.5 kilogrammes of waste were collected, out of which 100 kgs were plastic, one and a half kgs of aluminium and 317 kgs of non-recyclable waste.” 
Other African nations have also done remarkably well in protecting their environment in the face of increasing threats from climate change. 
Below is their introduction in Sina Weiblog back on July 19, 2011: 
His work was accompanied by social programs. 
Global Voices spoke to Joël Bouzou about his work. 
Now what is left for the Yemeni rodent to surrender himself to the nearest police station. 
Last year, news reports described the flooding in Thailand as the worst that ever hit the country in many decades. 
She has also created a group on Facebook aiming to promote debate. 
In his profile, the blogger explains: 
And it was not just delivered to the international community, but also to the general public as well. 
Winston Tubman has reiterated that CDC will not participate in the November 8th runoff for allegations of fraud and biases. 
"Call Homs" aims to show solidarity with the people of Homs, the Syrian city that has become the symbolic capital of resistance against the regime's brutality. 
That would be a drop as big as that seen after Lehman Brothers’ collapse." 
The Washington Post also informs that 16 aviation specialists are investigating the fatal accident, the second air crash to kill an Interior Secretary during the administration of President Felipe Calderón. 
The wedding duly took place last Friday , but during the reception Farzana's in-laws demanded a TV set, refrigerator, motorbike and a few more things as 'gifts' from the bride's family in presence of the guests. 
@Daloosh: The more eyes we lose, the clearer our vision will become. 
A coalition, Tongzhi Community Joint Meeting, was formed to launch a global petition campaign against the Hong Kong government: 
It is located in Bacia de Campos, 350km North from Rio de Janeiro. 
We found several dogs in deserted houses & garages that were perched on floating cars. 
Iran: UK embassy under attack · Global Voices 
Chancellor Linda Kathei, a Greece native, mentioned in the General Assembly that she had participated as a student during the 1973 Athens Polytechnic uprising, and she did not want something so similar to be repeated in Davis. She has admitted that she does indeed need to gain the trust of the students. 
Azeri dancing is ultimately stepping side to side, or step tap step tap. 
We have stubbornly held on to their outdated hypocrisy and shame. 
In the middle of Ahmadinejad's speech, a group of textile workers walked in whose factory had been shut down without paying their salaries. 
Despite the existence of anti-discrimination laws, including one specifically addressed to fight racial discrimination in the media, racial discrimination in Peru is evident in many places, even in public spaces, such as beaches. 
Journalist Anwar Al-Fikr from Al-Rai newspaper was arrested and journalist Mohammed Al-Sharhan from Al-Jarida newspaper was injured. 
Barcamp registration. 
Aside from these two 'rigged' candidates (participants believed it was used by the authorities to discredit the voting system), the following candidates were on top of the list: Yuri Shevchuk (singer) Leonid Parfenov (journalist) Boris Akunin (writer) Alexander Belov (nationalist politician) Konstantin Krylov (nationalist politician) Dmitry Bykov (poet) Vladimir Tor (nationalist politician) Mikhail Efremov (actor) 
Novica Nakov warned that the state discriminates against users of operating systems like GNU/Linux or Mac OS X, purporting vendor lock-in by forcing medical doctors to use the latest version of Windows as the only platform for the obligatory e-health card software by the Fund for Health Insurance of Macedonia. 
‘What’s in the papers this morning?’ 
Read more about computer crimes in Iran. 
It all started with an act of despair in the town of Sidi Bouzid, Tunisia, and has now spread across 87 countries and 951 cities around the world according to the organizers of the United for #GlobalChange (October 15) Movement. 
On Monday 26 December, 2011, Anuj Bidve, a 23 year old Indian student from Pune, was shot dead at point blank range, as he walked with friends near their hotel in Salford, Greater Manchester, UK. 
In Tver, the police detained creators of the Tver group, Sergey Shilov and Sergey Osipov. 
It all started with the opening of the PM's official Twitter profile. 
The official website of the MB, which has been online for more than five years despite being blocked in Syria, is http://www.ikhwansyria.com. 
Here are a few updates from Twitter: 
The Committee for Relatives of the Detained and Disappeared in Honduras (Cofadeh) condemns the attack and the police's "systematic practice of attacking citizens." 
@rajshrestha75: Sharad Pawar slapped! 
considered to be the largest mining investment in the history of Peru, according to its opponents threatens to destroy some 20 lagoons, which serve as a foundation for local ecosystems and a source of water for farming communities. 
Back in 2008, at least six children died and nearly 300,000 suffered from kidney diseases because of melamine tainted milk produced by major dairy companies in China, including Mengniu. 
With the number of Facebook users standing at just 123,000 at the time, few signed up for the 'Armenian Revolution of Reform' although, as testimony to the importance of traditional grassroots political activity, around 10,000 people did turn out to protest. 
Several are in prison or exile because of their online activities. 
In Morocco, a blogger and several activists were arrested in September, while Saudi Arabia went after video bloggers who had been documenting poverty in the oil-rich country. 
Twitter users welcomed the students' joint action. 
Researchers at the Center for Disease Control and Prevention measured lead levels in Burmese children living in Thai refugee camps. 
On February 7, 2012, Walid Bahomane appeared before a court in the Moroccan capital Rabat. 
Obviously the online community could not remain silent on the issue. 
Vassilis Vlachos posted a photo on Facebook, depicting Greek MPs watching television at parliament cafe. 
A Malév commercial, music composed by Gábor Presser 
"We will never step back. 
Speaking to journalists at his residence, Nasheed said he was forced to resign by some military personnel as the country's police force mutinied against his rule. 
He names some areas that have been affected by the rainfall in his blog Globalizado. 
Macedonia: Pondering Future Consequences of ACTA · Global Voices 
In her article, Janice highlighted the state of corruption in Ethiopia and called for strict examination of Melese Zenawi’s regime before the release of the Green Climate Fund which was a major point of discussion in COP17 climate talks in Durban. 
While solidarity from citizens all over the world increases, political representatives such as British Foreign Minister William Hague remain silent as the longest hunger striking Palestinian prisoner in history enters his 60th day on strike. 
“I mean what would you want? 
The first paragraph of the Bill states: 
HE HAS TO ASK ME POLITELY TO DO THAT. 
Hundreds of people across the whole island joined the "National March: Puerto Rico stands firm against the Pipeline" that took place on Sunday 19 February, 2012, in the city of San Juan, the capital of Puerto Rico. 
Monday when I stepped out to go to work I couldn't find a bus so had to find a three wheeler to get to office. 
The indigenous organisations against the road gained notorious attention and support from civil society after the government repressed the march with excessive violence, as biologist and blogger Mauricio Pacheco Suárez commented on his blog : 
Peter James Hudson: While we didn’t have anything in mind before the earthquake, the idea to start The Public Archive came about not as a result of the earthquake itself, but as a result of a profound sense of despair at and frustration with the media coverage of Haiti following the earthquake. 
Eugene Sokolov: 
Meanwhile, on February 11, ACTA protesters took the streets in many European countries, including Poland. 
Photograph by Turkish Ambassador to Yemen Fazli Corman, shared on Twitter 
How to Run a Social Site and Not Get Users Killed 
Nikahang, a leading cartoonist and blogger, considers that Khatami ignored the blood shed during the 2009 protest against regime. 
Jordan: Amman's Welcome Snow Day · Global Voices 
In Portland, Maine in the United States, she recorded at a local Occupy camp during her studies at the Salt Institute, after graduating from Brown University. 
Cambodia's First IPO · Global Voices 
Students from ITAM University immediately laughed and cheered. 
History is full of situations where innocent people were executed. 
Since its departure on Monday for Lacatunga, some 75 kilometers from the capital city, the March, which at that time already had some 1,000 participants thanks to several indigenous delegations joining, continued its route towards Saquisilí , the planned assembly point where they would devise their strategy for getting to Quito. 
In the first episode , legal scholars Erika Fontánez Torres and Hiram Meléndez Juarbe talk about the "legitimacy of the judicial branch and the critique of judicial institutions." 
Also, the Kuwaiti leftist movement published a statement online to express their rejection to what they called 'governmental guardianship over art.' 
Non-political coordination platform and an opposition hub 
With this event, it is our hope that Timor-Leste will be better than what it had always been. 
Britain remains staunchly committed to upholding the right of the Falkland Islanders, and of the Falkland Islanders alone, to determine their own future. 
According to news sites and blogs,86-year-old mother of an Iranian political prisoner and former MP wrote a letter to Ali Khamenei, Islamic Republic's Leader. 
In her opinion, because in the past centuries several tribes have come from neighboring countries to settle in the hills of Bangladesh, they should not be termed as indigenous, but tribal minorities. 
Bulgaria: Light on a Mysterious Death · Global Voices 
It is the responsibility of the moderate elements of civil society to coalesce and try to control these elements from going out of control by raising awareness and educating people. 
This is the reason the news that in the first part of this year 3,000 dolphins have been found dead along the north coast of the country has caused such astonishment. 
On April 8 Anonymous Tunisia (which claims affiliation with the hacking group Anonymous) hacked the emails of the Tunisian prime minister Hamadi Jebali. 
Including the views from Vimeo, part 1 views rise to 105 million while part 2 stays at 1.3 million. 
Pervez Hoodbhoy explains the effects of overpopulation with an analogy with fishes. 
Apetian also addressed comments by a member of the Public Chamber of the Russian Federation and Agency for Social Information (ASI) Director Elena Topoleva-Soldunova , who charged the petition's authors with having proposed redundant legislation that reproduces controls on Russian NGOs already in place. 
Kuwait: Could a Hash Tag Send Twitter Users to Prison? · Global Voices 
Photo from dawn-1o9 
Nigeria: Virality is a Cause · Global Voices 
In the text, Rudneva proposes the following curious approach: 
Else where in the world netizens protested such move from Twitter to limit the freedom of expression online. 
The church thinks in terms of centuries. 
Otherwise, what good are all the times we said 'One for all and all for one'? 
Moreover, the Indian government has asked the United States to ensure that India-specific objectionable content are removed from the social networking such as Facebook, Google and YouTube. 
22 were killed and a dozen injured (fr) (mostly soldiers but a few civilians as well) since the fighting started two days ago. 
This information comes from the Mechnikov Hospital staff, based on the number of patients that they are receiving. 
Twitter Photo by user @notable1980 
This video shows interviews with indigenous TIPNIS residents and their views on the road project. 
Carlos Rodriguez from the blog Rescatar writes about the media's lacking coverage of the floods that hit the Paraguayan Chaco. 
Indonesia: Soldier Loses His Temper in the Street · Global Voices 
Colleague: Sure 
The rate of arrests of human rights activists on the island has skyrocketed...One year later, the Castro regime is as repressive and violent as ever, if not more so... 
YR: That would depend on the circumstances; right now I don’t have such plans. 
SG: My sense is that Liberians who use social media use it mostly to connect with people outside of Liberia. 
On May 28, 2012, a fire broke out at Doha's Villaggio Mall, leaving 19 dead, 13 of whom were children. 
We r getting closer 
Peru: Violence on Sixth Day of Cajamarca Strike · Global Voices 
Clarice Africa discusses several e-governance initiatives of the Philippine government which are planned to promote transparency and more efficient delivery of services. 
Understanding the Violence in Western Myanmar · Global Voices 
Ani Wandaryan (@GoldenTent) links to this photo report from Armenia by Anton Motolko, a photographer, blogger and traveller from Minsk, Belarus (LJ user toxaby, @Motolko). 
Ghana is implementing a vessel traffic management and information system (VTMIS) to provide electronic surveillance and monitoring of the entire coast of the country, Ghanaian blogger Seth reports. 
I am putting together a 'Rat List' of those in the security services who have become political animals and who will be unfit to remain in their jobs in a new Zimbabwe. 
Why should I watch a movie full of weird costumes and blunt themes. 
Why would the Democrats want any peace?" 
Roma children in Košice, Slovakia. 
While the journalist denies that any of his articles were meant to encouragd enmity, they did actually provoke a stern counter-reaction in the Kyrgyz-language press. 
Last night some jellyfish caused her irritation and discomfort, but according to what is being said on the social networks, nothing 'bad' enough to abort the trip. 
Stop stereotyping. 
Never too late to your remnants to draw some good lesson from your demise. 
Then too, Russia held war games in the Caucasus just days prior to the invasion. 
We are contacting the groups which can give quick relief and representatives from emergency camps in order to be certain that the collected money will go to affected areas. 
In Mui Wo, a rural town on the eastern coast of Lantau Island, there are still 14 yellow cattle living within the community. 
Provisional results suggest high abstention in Angola's capital, Luanda. 
Partially circumcised men had a 7% point greater risk of being HIV positive than fully circumcised men (P < 0.05) and equal risk compared with uncircumcised men. 
Kokrajhar is located at a driving distance of about 215km from Guwahati, the capital of Assam 
Lt. Ramil Safarov, who was serving life in prison, confessed to killing 26-year-old Lt. Gurgen Margaryan when both were in Hungary for a 2004 NATO language course. 
Stan from China Hearsay blogs about the controversy over the American scientists' GM food experiment in China. 
In addition, the passengers weren't lending a hand : 
'Anti-Catalanism' online 
Libyablog is a website that shares what Libyan bloggers write. 
Total counterfeit drug incidents by year. 
While Human Rights Watch and the US Assistant Secretary of State Robert Blake have both expressed their hope for a fair trial, Kazakh netizens have little doubt that the court in the western town of Aktau will follow the example of its Russian counterpart in the recent trial of Pussy Riot and hand down draconian sentences to the defendants. 
This lack of evidence causes problems in terms of monitoring trends, identifying demand, planning interventions and creating policies. 
UN Goodwill Ambassador Angelina Jolie is in Lebanon, to visit Syrian refugees. 
Social media will be the main point of discussion, self-expression and opinion-forming, a platform to exchange opinions. 
Heck, you should make fun of Moses, Jesus and all other prophets while you are at it. 
Divided with two themes, with two logos and even with two different flags. 
Pregnant woman. 
Josephrubs asks whether fetuses do not have a right to life: 
And this Jordan blackout campaign is one of its efforts to draw attention to the state of the Internet should Jordan be allowed to curtail people's freedom online with new laws. 
In our first post we briefly introduced some water-related issues in Iquitos, and later presented the controversy generated by the transnational Conoco Phillips and their exploration and search for hydrocarbons in the Nanay River basin. 
The mobilization is the largest addressing media reform in Taiwanese history. 
Put flowers to the ashes of the freedom of speech. 
Freedom of speech the Ukrainian way - to come and yell at the wall. 
They are pushing people towards a more vigilant approach to the Internet. 
What makes the libel rider interesting is that it is SUCH a clumsy cut-and-paste job, without any attempt to take into account the nature of the Internet. 
When we reach a level that we can respect for the environment and animal rights, then we will be able to respect each other. 
From former footballers to former athletes and boxers we have seen the sorry state that most of them have ended up in. 
She is the youngest and first female teenage Member of Parliament in Africa. 
Discussions in 140 characters require ingenuity, and Venezuelans know how to play with the limited space. 
The bill is a modified version of a more liberal measure that had already been approved by the Senate. 
Mr Speaker! Kenneth Kaunda the first President of Zambia married married Betty Banda in 1946. 
Hydrochloric acid leakage has made 300 villagers in Gumi city, Bongsan-ri leave their homes. http://i.wik.im/87774 The damage has snowballed with the loss getting bigger and bigger. 
Through the efforts of the charity group, the orphanage was able to enroll more children in the facility: 
When you see all these huge government buildings erected in front of you while you don't have your own home, will you be happy? 
Wait. 
For example, DemVybor activist viking-nord thinks that Pussy Riot’s defense was too political and showy: 
The Ostrava City Council let the sewage system at Přednádraží dilapidate to its current state of dysfunction during more than ten years of neglect, until August, when it decided to “solve” the problem by evicting the residents and blaming the devastation largely on them and on the owner of the buildings. 
What is the reason when a woman is being criticised, they always use this method of insults and slurs? 
Colombia/U.S.: "We Need to Talk About Coke" · Global Voices 
Lizeth Rojas‏ (@Lizeth_R) states: 
Without a doubt, the second debate which took place at New York's Hofstra University on the night of October 16th showed a much more energetic and on the offensive Barack Obama than in the first. 
Money loan and State guarantees. #PaisDeManuelito 
One blog, Lovelyish, considers a Pinterest campaign by UNICEF UK to raise awareness about children living in poverty in Africa "the saddest Pinterest page in the world." 
On Twitter, the hashtag #tedxdiliman gathered a huge following, and quickly became a trending topic in the Philippines. 
Jean Marie Ngendahayo writes about the relatively unknown story of Melchior Ndadaye, the first democratically elected president of Burundi after winning the 1993 election. 
It has been like this for thousands of years. 
Yele is an example of how a large personality can lead people to support without asking questions. 
Kevin Rudd initiated the UN bid before being toppled as Prime Minister by Julia Gillard. 
Another landmine, close to one of the towers and also to the local school, killed a 17-year-old Awá boy . 
Since then, every October the same oil painting of the Lord of the Miracles presides the procession, followed by thousands of devout believers. 
The regime eventually lost its patience with him and arrested him from his workplace on Monday, October 2, 2012. 
Mwandi MP Michael Kaingu, who is also vice president for the former ruling Movement for Multiparty Democracy (MMD) was immediately ejected from the House by the deputy chairperson committee, who was chairing proceedings at the time, and who said: 
Collective ownership and media trust 
From Trinidad and Tobago, one of the most powerful voices in mainstream media, Trevor McDonald, has often told of how he came from a small backwater island in the Caribbean and became the toast of the media world through moving to London to to work for the BBC and then for ITN. 
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad once said "there is no gays in Iran." 
However, some changes have been made, particularly in the coffee industry. 
Cameroon: Students and Researchers Evaluate the Welfare System · Global Voices 
The blog Otramerica describes the chaos that caused President Ricardo Martinelli to announce the he will appeal the law: 
It feels like the corner has been turned on the crisis this morning. 
Now the process of making and validating one’s passport will determine who gets to cross national borders and who does not. 
Source SHAAM NEWS NETWORK | SNN. 
The platform of Yisrael Beyetenu is more right-wing than that of the Likud, and includes the call for exchanging territories between Israel and the future Palestinian state, so that Arab citizens of Israel will be forcibly deprived of Israeli citizenship and become Palestinian citizens. 
Other views 
Overall, the online strategy of the three parties mentioned above mirrors a traditional political campaign, which could be summarised as a bombardment of overly optimistic and self-confident publicity. 
While the Universal Declaration of Human Rights affirms that everyone has the right to a nationality and prohibits the arbitrary deprivation of nationality, stateless people exist due to different reasons; gender, ethnic and religious discrimination are among main factors. 
According to a local report on 21 October 2012, the fund was established in June 2011 with aims of teacher training, curriculum development and overseas exchanges. 
Many shared the story about a concert by Otsuchi Junior High School brass band club. “I feel like writing more articles!” said one citizen reporter, when I showed him the response on Facebook with my iPhone. 
Monchy Primary celebrates by allowing students to dress in their Kweyol fabric, which is basically different kinds of colorful plaid, instead of their uniforms. 
Article 1º: Native Argentinians are voters by choice, starting at sixteen (16) years of age, and naturalized Argentinians, from eighteen (18) years of age, provided that they have no foreseeable legal disqualifications. 
Dr. Pervez Hoodbhoy has taught Physics at Qauid-e-Azam University, Islamabad for 36 years. 
Another banner held in yesterday's march 
Given that premise and the fact that only a limited number of indigent persons have access to the conversation on the fight against poverty, is it still even relevant to discuss precarity in Africa? 
In short, at this point we don't have any reason to believe there will be any significant policy shifts. 
The killing of Elíder Varela, "El Duke," on October 30 2012, and of Roberth Steven Barra, "Garra," on November 9, have set off alarms among residents and organizations from Medellín and Comuna 13. 
In a comment on having a Twitter account organizing those major marches, Hamad Al-Sabah wrote: 
Blogging Contest Focuses on Child Development · Global Voices 
Khaled Shawa shares a photograph of his neighbour's house burning after being shelled by Israel. 
Hagit Eisha, a resident of the southern city Beer Sheva posted this on Facebook: 
@bilalr: #Gaza/#Israel update: 27 Palestinians - including 7 children - and 3 Israelis killed since Wednesday. v/ @BBCBreaking 
E.V.: When a project works on a model of cooperation that is "The user is in charge", it is important to soberly appraise the active participation of your audience. 
We should be smarter. 
Photo taken from the album Hackathon in Picasa, used under the licence Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported (CC BY-SA 3.0). 
If you're in Spain, will you join the 5th UGR projects hackathon? And if you're in Latin America, will you join Dal2012? 
@ArabObserver: As a world citizen, I would vote for Obama in the #USElection #ivoted He adds: @ArabObserver: Thank you my Americans friends who voted for sanity yesterday. 
@KarenAbroad: So thankful for #ceasefire tonight as I tuck my little girl into bed here in #TelAviv. 
This should be treated as a constitutional issue and must be decided by Rule of Law. 
A South Korean Received 10 Month-Jail Term for Retweeting North Korean Tweets · Global Voices 
Shahidul Alam translates the poster above: 
In the spirit of the Christmas season, Outlish posts a list of its Top 10 Parang songs. 
Meles Zenawi was a great leader? 
@Adrillabres: #siyofuerapresidente (If I were president) I would implement very severe laws against those who mistreat animals. 
Three officers received a six year and seven month sentence each, one received a two year and three month sentence and the fifth received only a fine for abuse. 
But I do know, and there are many of us who have proof, that more than 100 Guinean women, most of them Fulani, were, on September 28, 2009, and the following days, victims of rape and torture carried out by Guinean soldiers, policemen and politicians, some clearly identified, and that to this day, exactly two years after those awful events, not one person has been arrested or tried by judges. 
Nolesvotes recalls that the recent evictions have already led to several suicides: 
Bring Putin’s gang to fair trial. 
- Seg3 from the Chileans, which makes it easier for people to track their health as they get older and supports activities to avoid physical and mental deterioration. 
Many artists were concerned by the relative paucity of information in the public domain, even though the decision to form the TTCIC was made about three months ago. 
Campbell suggested that greater attention needs to be paid to what has already worked as opposed to blowing everything up and starting over: 
The action sparked a hot debate within the Iranian blogosphere, with ideas ranging from praise to condemnation and denouncements. 
The Ecuador we dream of is a country of diverse fraternities, a country of strong and effective institutions, a free and democratic country. 
The way that Digital Terrestrial Television was introduced in Portugal did not allow any other outcome to be hoped for. 
A local resident said: 
On the GV Portuguese email list, I feel like I have dozens of friends around the world with similar interests and values. 
This post was originally published on Arseh Sevom. 
There is not a single day when we do not hear a new story about medicine shortages in Iran and how it adversely affects Iranians, especially those requiring uninterrupted medication. 
After a scolding from Kommersant's Arina Borodina, Kashin ceased his questions to Parkhomenko, convinced that arguing about Gromov's role would only play into the Kremlin's hands. 
2009 General elections in Ecuador. 
Ali Natiq and Ali Abbas Taj started a new hashtag called #iammehzer. 
"Thanks god for the public trial that reveals their mentality and poor evidence." 
Joshua Foust on Registan.net suggests that it probably isn't: 
The 4 billion RMB Long Ao building is the largest and most expensive government building in China. 
Brazil, for example, fears that once its borders are fully opened to its partners in the bloc huge numbers of citizens of the poorer countries will enter its territory, overburdening its institutions and economy. 
My Afghan fellows were tired because of the long flights and went to rest. 
Image by Alastair Rae, from Wikipedia. 
Last month a group of activists (Ramki Sreenivasan from Conservation India, Shashank Dalvi, Bano Haralu, Rokohebi Kuotsu) travelled to Nagaland to check out information that thousands of falcons were being hunted annually on the banks of the Doyang reservoir during their passage through that region. 
We follow Nadezhda Tolokonnikova's four-year-old daughter to the United States, where she meets Yoko Ono and waits bored in a hotel room for her father. 
People close to me are saying that some of their friends are under house arrest and others are in solitary confinement. 
Mom wrote... "charge up the phone. tomorrow they can turn off the electricity." - "why?" - "it's the end of the word." 
Hungarian Protesters Occupy Bridge, Three Students Arrested · Global Voices 
After the WCIT and Beyond 
It's Christmas in Bethlehem, in the West Bank, Palestine, the birth place of Jesus Christ. 
Also, peace envoy Lakhdar Brahimi arrived in Syria today as part of his mission to "broker a solution" in the country. 
By Enrique A. Chaparro 
Vaccination in Ban Sibounhuang, Laos. 
She started with a list of nonfiction books, then followed by a list for poetry and fiction . 
The year 2012, marked by the visit of Pope Benedict XVI to Cuba, Hurricane Sandy's trail of destruction, the controversial legal regulation of the public use of music, among other events, also made a mark on the island's blogosphere. 
We have among us activists and individuals from various professional backgrounds and even artists. You are in an environment where the virtual world is conceived in various ways. 
*Yemeni counter-terrorism official shot dead. 
The US government condemned Syria’s internet shutdown and said it is supporting the opposition with communication gear. 
@zmartes: @partido_x @partido_v @partido_z @partido_mdma what's going on? are they all extraterrestrials? 
This episode has echoes of an earlier issue in the year, when Workers' Party member Yaw Shin Leong was expelled from his party amidst allegations of an extramarital affair. 
According a report, every 45 minutes a woman in Bangladesh dies from complications in pregnancy or childbirth. 
Expreso.ec reported that on January 4, 2013, the First Chamber of the Criminal Magistrate of the National Court of Justice denied the appeal for the enforcement of freedom rights for Abigaíl Heras and Cristina Campaña, that a lower court had previously accepted. 
As a the Handan local, I feel extremely angry. 
There was little or no news about him on mainstream media. But through social media, the face of this young 20-year-old has become a symbol of hope against Pakistan's powerful feudal-elites, who live with impunity, above the law. 
If another group of people were running the media, it would have died without making a sound and you won't see the resistance . 
The Kakuma News Reflector, or KANERE, is an independent news magazine produced by Ethiopian, Congolese, Ugandan, Rwandan, Somali, Sudanese and Kenyan journalists operating in Kakuma Refugee Camp, Kenya. 
5) Zhang Haite: Against Unfair Chance for Education 
She tweeted: 
Since there is only talk and talk and talk. 
- So I should either insult and accuse people of things with no proof and say it is freedom or I should say my account is hacked and get released? 
1 - Dismissal of all military leaders and Supreme Security who worked with Saleh, headed by Ahmad Ali Saleh, Ali Mohsen Saleh, Ghalib Aalghemh and fully dismissing them and not reshuffling their positions in the new appointments, whatever the circumstances; and accelerate the implementation of the decisions of the army restructure and achieving safety, security and stability in the country and the extend the state power on the entire regions and provinces, particularly Saada and Marib. 
Ali spoke at Tedx event in Rawalpindi city just a few weeks ago, watch his powerful speech here. 
China's Transparent Reporting on Air Pollution · Global Voices 
The panellists presenting the questions both sounded distinctly Trinidadian. 
Although there are indeed burials and memorials located in the square, calling it a cemetery is an overstatement. 
For economic reasons it still hasn't been possible to officially launch the radio station, the online shop and the Cousins TV station which are our biggest ambitions. This is because we don't have the sufficient technical means to develop our work from here on. 
After over 10 years’ of brainwashing, perhaps the book can cure them. 
His reaction was to lower his head. 
The thumbnail image used in this post is by JAHeadley, used under an Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 2.0 Generic Creative Commons license. 
We are in the midst of a cultural crisis of no mean proportions. 
On 5 January, Senegalese President, Abdoulaye Wade, revealed that he asked the Sant’Egidio Community, near the Vatican, to mediate between the Government and the MFDC, in order to “resolve the issue” of the Crisis in Casamance, if he were to be re-elected. (…) I know the people of Sant’Egidio, because I worked with them when I was in the opposition (…) and have asked them to be faciliators between the Senegalese Government and Sadio’s MFDC.” 
Sombath has never opposed economic development, but he urges that economic development be balanced with spiritual well-­‐ being, social improvement, and environmental and cultural protection. 
For this will be encouraging to not only those sharing a similar mission, but, those committed to the course of making this world a better place for us all 
“It was not proven to the judges that the accused has insulted God or the Prophet,” Abu Alkhair added.,' reports Ahmed Al Omran on Riyadh Bureau. 
The majority of these parties led by the friends of President Obiang Nguemas think of their party as a veritable source of funds - a 'business' as the Equatorial Guineans call it. 
On January 16, stateless activist Abdulhakim AlFadhli entered hunger strike in prison right after getting a two-year jail sentence. 
They want to dive into that sea of kilobytes! 
And what at first was a budget alternative, meaning a way to save transport tickets at the time, to transform that ticket into money, exchangeable for bread or to be used to buy gas or even other things ... but there was also another reason that led them to make that, that it is that bicycles are, relatively, a very flexible and much faster vehicle, within the city of Salvador. 
Despite the decision of the European Court, however, and despite the fact that the city of Ostrava, for instance, started its EU-sponsored program of “social inclusion” in February 2012, the discrimination of the Roma children in schools continues, according to a report published by the Czech branch of Amnesty International in November 2012. 
Post originally published in the blog Globalizado . 
However, contrary to other readers, one citizen reporter who did not wish to be identified expressed his indignation through the Jornal @Verdade Facebook page: 
Blogger Farzana Versey at Cross Connections points out that this saga has been a show of the fringe elements (those who can manage to find a herd and sponsors for their ideology): 
(Forget the government for there is no government). 
Those who desire can sign the online petition demanding civil marriage in Lebanon. 
The presidential election will be held in June 2013. 
Preferably, he would conduct this interview at the AG’s residence in between gulps of red bulls and vodka while twirling his car keys and wearing a tee-shirt that reads: 'I see dead people… they provide the best references.' 
Mexico is a very big and diverse country, and for the last couple of days Mexican social media has been full of violent news, starting from the tragedy of a gang raping 6 Spanish tourists to the Blast in Pemex Headquarters, not to mention corruption and human rights violations against journalists. 
Some positive thoughts that needed to be raised, made by Mexicans or people who have been in Mexico, for their citizens not to lose hope when facing the wave of violence the country is facing today. 
@anele wanted to know the culprit's name: 
Ukrainian journalist Mustafa Nayyem, who is on this year's international jury panel, noted on his Facebook page that in the previous years Ukrainian bloggers could only take part in The Bobs contest if their work was in Russian. 
Based on percussion, the musicality of the Olodum block, is based on beats such as ‘ijexá’ , samba, ‘alujá’, reggae and ‘forró’, amongst others. 
If Carnival is a golden goose, being paraded for the pleasure of the punters, this Axis of copyright is four fat fingers that are pressing steadily into its throat. 
If they like China so much, they can go to China, no one stops them. 
Journelle tweets: 
The bill (which mandates that the property be the repayment of the debt in full, that bank owned homes be used for public housing, and suspends evictions) garnered nearly 1.5 million signatures in support in a petition that circulated Spanish territory. 
Zhang Xiaolei commented on Weibo that the fan club is serving the Propaganda Department: 
Our Google Developers Group is currently running another course on Android App Development. 
We collaborated with dancers, food bloggers and some of our friends. 
Jamaica: Reggae, Bleaching and Black History · Global Voices 
The list of charges against al-Khadr was published by ACPRA. It was similar to the ones that are against al-Hamid and al-Qahtani and both of them included : Calling for and inciting to break the law, spread chaos and disturb public tranquility and safety by writing and publishing a statement that calls for protesting in public squares Unjustifiably calling the Saudi ruling regime a police regime that was established upon injustice and suppression and that misuses religion to justify injustice and to continue human rights violations. 
On pontilex.org Cagliostro explains: 
And he continued : 
It is a case where one can see the scam from a thousand miles away. 
He gave us suave speeches when in fact he reuses the Wade Method. 
Twitter immediately reacted to his piece, and journalist David Agren aggregated some of these positive and negative reactions posted on the microblogging site. 
Duran inquired on Twitter whether such publication is ethical, moral, or even legal: 
Do not be surprised if Bethio is completely free soon as justice can be blinded. 
Where do Chinese Weibo users live? · Global Voices 
He also pointed out that he'll keep on supporting the same values Chavez represents: anti-imperialism, fighting against the right-wing, defending the homeland's sovereignty, etc. 
For those still not sure of the general import of these resignations, the reaction of Boris Yakemenko, old-guard Putinist and brother to the founder of NASHI, should be most telling : 
Victory to Bengal! 
Naturally, the Spanish-speaking regional territories were swift in blogging about the news. 
Washington will not miss Chavez. 
One Billion Rising Campaign In Colombo · Global Voices 
At 95, Stephane Hessel was the ideological father of the pro-democratic rebellion that shook the world. 
They will rehabilitate Rape Survivors but not stop rapes! 
Reporters Without Borders will mark the day by releasing its annual "Enemies of the Internet" report at 12:01am (Paris time) on March 12. 
Congratulations to everyone!! 
The lengthy government work report lifted the curtain on the 2013 China's National People’s Congress (NPC), the country’s highest legislative body whose members meet in Beijing every year in early March to deliberate on public policies. 
Image captured from wikipedia 
Nothing should encourage them to aim for less. 
Not to mention all the children who have come from abroad - from Guinea or elsewhere - that would need to be returned to their families once they are found... 
The evangelical preacher Marco Feliciano – photo shared in Gari's blog 
But Wyllys, a champion of LGBT rights, also added that "ideological disputes" related to Brazil's human rights also have to do with the direction the committee has taken. 
In 2009, the Dominican team experienced a surprising defeat when the Netherlands got them off the competition, and then played against Cuba. 
PS Did I do a good job? 
The number of dead pigs found in the Huangpu River has reached over 12,000, yet there have been no protests in Shanghai. 
Police detained Mtetwa and her four clients, all officials of the Movement for Democratic Change, the party of Zimbabwe's Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai, on March 17, 2013. 
I am a person full of dreams, and if I start to recount all of my aspirations here, I will not even finish today. 
It’s certainly not the Muslim consumer but the businesses that crave for halaal recognition. 
T: If you come from a different world, even just the way people live their everyday lives seems interesting and sometimes strange. 
In Russia today there are about 10 -15 million migrant workers, many of them from poor Central Asian republics. 
In her house, my mum chooses among things she has kept for 79 years: what to throw out and what to dry and save. 
I came home and laid down to sleep at 7 PM. 
I was simply doing something that I enjoyed. 
The technical issue is a small problem, the bigger problem is the core theme of fighting for freedom. are scared of its influence. 
Hello to @ru_pirateparty and @lurkmore_ru. 
They distributed flyers asserting the 'Freedom to Read, Write, Publish and Disseminate’ to highlight the negative impact of the lèse majesté law. 
Marriage may be a religious issue for many but the fact is, we also have civil marriage, which has absolutely nothing to do with religion. 
Its inhabitants not only have survived several regime bombings, but also have engaged in self-government while rebuilding their own town. 
According to Ben from mada-tribune.com, the first candidates to have submitted their dossiers to the special electoral court are: 
In 2009, Santiago Barambio, President of the Association of Accredited Clinics for Voluntary Termination (ACAI), claimed: 
However, Porter still believes that "Occupy Central" is worth a try: 
People are commenting on errors and strategies that could be followed and bridges are being held so that dialogue may reach citizens on the other side. 
This is such a bluff! 
We basically knew such a protest was being prepared. 
Mother of four Esther Mankge, 49, was filmed begging for mercy while two alleged staff members of a local shop in Limpopo, South Africa, beat her with ropes, belts, a broom and a rubber hammer after accusing her of shoplifting, the South African Human Rights Commission reports. 
Combining the titles of the famous song by The Beatles and a film about the Cambodian genocide, Bilibidon (@bilibidon) quipped: @bilibidon: Strawberry Killing Fields Forever... #manolada 
The Government has declared a day of mourning for such a tragic loss. 
Kazakhstan's First Ever Lesbian Wedding · Global Voices 
After the attack in Farah, the Taliban declared that they would continue targeting the country's judiciary if any of their fighters are prosecuted. 
The company also used the Twitter account for Panama Beer (@Cerveza_Panama) , its main product, to make it known that despite retracting the seizure, they hope justice is done: 
I am not a thief or an assassin. 
The Americans value academic achievements in academician candidates instead of relationships like in China, Shi’s case has proved once again that Chinese scientific community are jealous of talents. 
The ironically titled blog aims, among other things, to do away with the the narrative told and retold by western media that Africa is "a perpetual sob story", Africa is a Country founder Sean Jacobs told Global Voices. 
@fmunozj: What happened in Ecatepec is terrible. 
On the heels of a landmark corruption case in Brazil that saw former members of ex-President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva's government convicted of participating in a vote-buying scheme, a proposed constitutional amendment in Brazil would hand over much of the investigative powers of the public prosecutors' office, which prosecuted that case, to police. 
Don't work yourselves up, and don't lose your heads. 
The case has attracted international attention as the latest in a long series of politicized Russian judicial proceedings, including the trials of Mikhail Khodorkovsky, three members of Pussy Riot, and others. 
Model Industrial Complex (factories) in Kaesong Industrial Area, North Korea, Image by User Mimura, Uploaded in Wikipedia (CC 3.0) 
This year the celebration and commemoration of the day also generated a lot of online activity, with Kyrgyzstani Internet users registering frustration that the country's "true heroes" were remembered only once a year, and that the holiday has now turned into an excuse to get drunk. 
@SaintAndere: Between dress and decorum and the recommendation to pray for the unemployed, one wonders in what country, and in what century we're living....@igotzi 
Conference for Women Writers of African Ancestry · Global Voices 
Extreme Anti-immigrant Groups Spread Throughout Europe · Global Voices 
His writing as well as his microblogging discusses social issues in contemporary China such as corruption and media censorship. 
This unprecedented diplomatic fiasco stayed at the top of internet searches on major South Korean portals for two consecutive days and spawned heated discussions, even anger, on a variety of social networking sites. 
On Twitter, Russian Internet users competed for wittiest remark about the prosecutors’ warning to Levada. 
Their duties don’t just stop at publishing a list of miscreants and submitting a report to the Senate every year. 
Daniel Nina, writing for El Post Antillano, described the historic moment that Puerto Rico is experiencing very well: 
On Twitter, the Human Rights defender Jesús Robles Maloof (@roblesmaloof ) launched the next conundrum upon discovering that the PAN political party (National Action Party) has mentioned that a removal of powers should be declared in the state in question: 
The hall is echoing with the furious voice of Dayamani Barla, veteran Adivasi activist from Jharkhand. 
It ensures a continuum linking manufacturers and public authorities (in the areas of customs, justice, etc.). 
In response to the news, the Chinese government's official mouthpiece Xinhua News Agency ran a piece, titled “Experts Recommend People Should Not Eat Rice from One Region All the Time,” that suggested people should diversify their rice sources to lower the risk. 
Uganda is one of the countries in the world, which continuously contributes to nightmares of human in the pages of world’s history. 
Since the introduction of the term "prostitution", the beasts have gotten out of control. 
Twitter user Alper Orakci shared the amazing amount of the tear gas capsules on Istiklal Caddesi, the biggest street in Taksim Square: 
There are a number of questions to be asked. 
Unfortunately, this is an obstacle that can't be overcome. 
Cartoon about the ever-eluding elections in Midi Madagasikara paper edition posted by @Aline_Tana on Twitter (posted with her permission) 
Image courtesy Omi Hasan. 
Violence occurring in the household, on the streets, in the media, etc, depending on the manner of depiction actually instructs others on the 'acceptable' uses of violence. 
Sina Weibo, China's biggest microblogging service. 
Hydroelectric construction 
So far there is no indication of hostilities against the marchers. 
While Verbal won’t be elected this time around, she said, “I’m sure of one thing: I will continue in politics.” 
The Prophet said: if a nation's destiny is in women's hands, that nation awaits destruction and disaster. 
As of this writing, he has 2.4 million followers. 
Through the subjects we cover, there's an activist branding that's pretty evident. 
Meanwhile, blogger and RuNet guru Anton Nosik claims that station management refused to air his recent appearance on OTR, Russia’s all-new public broadcasting television channel, when during the recording he criticized Rogozin’s comments about the supposed American cyberwar against Russia. 
And my simple probability calculations is wrong because it grossly oversimplifies the story. 
Also, pro-Morsi marches and rallies have been held over the previous two days and continue today. 
She tweeted shortly after the incident, describing how the police were in the process of releasing a detained anti-LGBT activist: 
Joe Olivas Panizo (@jolivp) made reference to current issues that appear in the news headlines, not necessarily for good reasons: @jolivp: All of a sudden, #MessienLima and no more #narcoindultos , proselytist donations, andahuaylazo et al. Meanwhile, Coco Esteves (@psicosour) was concerned about security issues: 
Some army officers, but what are civilians doing there? http://bit.ly/12mCD28 #Egypt 
@EgyPresidency: Pres. Morsy urges everyone to adhere to peacefulness and avoid shedding blood of fellow countrymen. 
A great leap forward in higher education 
Shafiqul Hassan Siddiqui dissected the reasons behind honor killing in Pakistan on Dunya blogs: 
Error message found on three Russian library websites on July 2, 2013. 
Florida Republican representative Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (@RosLehtinen) said the following 
The conversation on Twitter 
Zaytoun, the little Syrian-Palestinian refugee, is the leading character of a videogame created by a group of Syrian, Palestinian and Spanish activists. 
Mao Zedong gave a talk to the CCP party member in Yan'an. (Public Domain) 
Anonim posted : 
According to netizen reports, Saudi Emergency Forces entered residential areas in the eastern city of Qatif over two nights and opened fire. 
Some though, heeded government advisories to stay home. 
Thousands joined peaceful protests held in many U.S. cities after the acquittal in Florida on July 15, 2013 of George Zimmerman in the fatal shooting of Trayvon Martin. 
Hopefully they have a speedy recovery and return to their normal lives soon. 
A reporter from news site Nandu interviewed two lawyers who represented Ji back in 2006 and found out that Ji was beaten by seven to eight police officers with iron rods in Houde town of Dongguan city because he was running an illegal motorcycle taxi. 
Terrorist or victim? 
Britain is one of the founders of democracy and it's impossible to understand its actions against us. 
Several bloggers have concluded that Baronova’s vulgarity damages any chances she has at a career in politics. 
Amongst the people who benefit from this are pregnant women and women who are breastfeeding: in fact giving them food reduces the risks of malnutrition for the baby; Then there are the AIDS sufferers who arrive at the centre already showing signs of malnutrition to whom we offer basic food pack for the first 6 months of treatment. 
Pro-government blogger Dan Bialik thought that the real reason was PublicPost's faulty business model: 
Keita was prime minister of Mali from 1994 to 2000 under the presidency of Alpha Oumar Konaré. 
Intense Debate Over Changes in Puerto Rico's Political Status · Global Voices 
2013 Commonwealth Writers Prize Winner, Lisa O'Donnell and co-winners of the 2013 Commonwealth Short Story Prize, Eliza Robertson and Sharon Millar, at the Hay Festival. 
Many people, including journalist Blake Hounshell (@blakehounshell), are asking the question: @blakehounshell: OK @ggreenwald and @attackerman is Edward Snowden still a 'whistleblower'? 
Some are worried that the project will eventually find a home in the Pearl River Delta. 
Ocean_Joe: We have to think carefully. 
Before returning to the Guardian last March, I had spent two years talking to the managing director, Gabriel Faria, and other executives, about the prospect of going back. 
I am not aware of political interference at the Guardian and I have written for the paper for years. 
Military-style boot camps is one of the most popular options for seasonal activities in many Korean schools and 'Gyoryeon' , or practical military training for kids, had been one of the mandatory subjects for high school students for about three decades. 
However,the Government through the Ministry of Education, Science, Vocational Training and Early Childhood should make sure that it provides adequate classrooms for these pupils to learn effectively. 
Sheikh Issa Ponda, wanted for questioning re #Zanzibar #acidattack tells me from his hospital bed he did not inspire attack. 
Assad Accused of Dropping Chemical Bombs on Damascus Suburb Al Ghouta · Global Voices 
Enas adds: 
Dušan Milisavljević continues to talk about the issue at hand online and support seems to be on the rise: 
It is there that reflexivity (in conjunction with serendipity) involves freedom and breaking free in the face of dogma and epistemology. 
A film about four generations of fisherwomen striving to make a living in the coastal village of Adara, in the small island of Ataúro, Timor-Leste is soon to be released - but you can already have a glimpse on what is coming at the Facebook page Wawata topu (Women Divers): 
Nature lover Majito Lasso (@majitolasso) published a photo of a vigil in Quito: 
And in 1080p quality. 
They say that torrents are killing Russian film. 
The Technology Crime Suppression Division (TCSD) recently announced that it plans to "monitor" conversations on LINE as well as other social media sites such as Facebook, YouTube, and WhatsApp to remove "threats" to the national security. 
You all know the reason. 
The PDAF has long been the target of critics as a site of official corruption. 
Yeay. 
University professor Geová Alencar denounced the police action: 
Poor health is to blame thanks to the failure of healthcare centers in Attappady to properly care for pregnant tribal women, mothers and babies, leading to infant death, according to a UNICEF report. 
Юлия (Julia) wrote : 
Yemen mourns the death of one of it's brightest and finest young men. 
Kobel Christopher (@oluwenyi), an artist and poet, said: 
More background information about Wang Bingzhang. 
Now all we have left is hope, as in hope we don't end up in a public hospital needing treatment or God forbid hope we don't end up the victim of a crime. 
The current Croatian opposition, however, sees other reasons for Merkel cancelling her trip , citing the Croatian government's recent legislative amendments that aim to put a time limit on European arrest warrants, in which case Germany would not be able to extradite former Yugoslavia State Security Administration agent Josip Perković, who is wanted for murder and lives in Croatia. 
As if it were a gift or something. 
Chinese Reactions to Tokyo Olympics 2020 · Global Voices 
Under such pressure, both the government and the villa owner Chang Biqing have to find a way out. 
We were impressed by the organization, methodology and capacity of a group so small yet so effective in managing their own interests. 
He chose to be an ordinary but upright citizen rather than a servant with billionaire property. 
She, as reported, suggested that the European Commission impose sanctions on Croatia, which European Commissioners accepted. 
Or to strengthen our borders, so that illegal immigrants are fewer, and highly educated foreigners willing to work for 15 thousand rubles come instead? 
The disciplinary regime is used against her, delivering the message that you cannot accuse and condemn a colonel for sexual abuse. 
Women are what you have guarded most of all for centuries. 
For example, shortly after the interview aired, journalist Dmitry Bavyrin wrote : 
This picture of a man, showing off his red painted nails, while sipping coffee, has made the rounds: 
He says that this was the narrative that made her an icon of international development and women’s empowerment. 
El Becario from the Código Espagueti blog reflects : 
This is not the first time. 
His self-criticism of being an irresponsible opinion leader in the public reminded people of the "class struggle session" during the Cultural Revolution and some even said Xue was forced to prostitute himself on TV. 
While on one hand the dejection is caused by job offers such as the one published by the district of Arconate that, given that it was offered by a governmental body, should have been more respectable, on the other hand there are groups of citizens who refuse to give up. 
Zhou Nan (@周难的微博) raised the question: What evidence did the Gansu police use to prove that the mass incident was related to the junior high school student's posts? 
Yep, 500. 
