The winning entries will be showcased on the Global Voices web site. 
Chile: building a new educational understanding · Global Voices 
MICT decided to block out YouTube. 
Arabeyes: Short Skirts Looked Down at in Tunisia · Global Voices 
In all innocence and without giving it a second thought I blurted out: "And what has my husband got to do with it? 
It was also decided to move the location for the non-paying public or those that do not use the tourist stands located on the northeastern part of Chukipamapa in the area called “La Cruz.” 
While I personally have not visited the place yet I don't think any bad intentions were meant. 
The original seven wonders would likely have been tourist attractions, but that wasn't what got them on the list. 
Petra has been appointed one of the new "wonders" of the world. 
Please feel free to expound on any omissions in the comments section below. 
Jamaican blogger Geoffrey Philp sets the tone by quoting one of the most beloved lines from reggae icon Bob Marley: 
While you may have worked your entire life in the US and religiously paid all of your taxes, you will not be able to collect a penny from Medicare unless you are in the US. 
Let's begin with Muriel, the blogger behind Pequeños Laberintos , who in her July 28 post, gives us her Reasons why MY Peru is super…: 
The influence of the Internet in Brazil is gathering momentum. 
The problem is that all these reflects on them badly. 
Tina, of Athena, says that Global Warming and arsonists are to blame for this disaster. 
The issue of the migrant workers has been unaddressed for a long time. 
It is evident that the target is not the prophet himself. 
The report is in Chinese, but there are a number of photos in the post. 
It’s a scene, which I find no words to describe it with…." he notes. 
However, while everyone is worried about the situation in Burma, the above video from The Straits Times show Myanmar nationals happily stating that they are happy to be in Singapore and how things are "not so bad" back there besides the curfews and how everything seems to be calm, while smiling at the cameras." 
A "Get Involved" link leads to a page offering users two options for donating money (PayPal and Senvia Remittance Services). 
He explains the reaction of the General Manager of Telefonica Company, the biggest communication company in Chile: 
The only reports have come from Bangladeshi blogs, which obtained a leaked copy of the government order, and the BBC. 
Why are medicines expensive in a poor country like the Philippines? 
The blog documents both the challenges and the successes of the residents, clinic workers, and educators facing the HIV/AIDS pandemic...Please, just go visit the blog. 
Choose American national security over domestic politics. 
As an Amazigh activist, I believe that any cause needs international support. 
The only difference is “choice”, I mean who chooses to learn what language. 
In a place like Japan, though, "terror" is still far away, disconnected from the events of everyday life. 
I think it's time that all Pakistan based bloggers should stop blogging and be careful since it's being confirmed that martial law is in effect we all have to play it safe - hand over reigns to international reporters and bloggers to help report - we cannot risk it here. 
Mzuzu-based blogger known as mile has welcomed this initiative with a post titled ICT Development in Malawi. 
In some regions, political alliances that were quite unlikely one year ago, now were made possible, whereas some independent candidates won some important posts in big cities (such as Medellín or Cartagena). 
If we do so, then such incidents will recur in the future. 
I tried to scratch the foil off the coveted chewing gum, but in vain. 
"A strong hand." 
Jeremy writes about internalized racial inferiority complex: Imagine his dismay at the workshop, with his all-Nigerian team (many of whom are almost as accomplished), when the (public sector) client asked/commented: "where are the white trainers? 
It’s me, Vladimir. 
Urban Sprout posts a handy 'Bali Acronym buster' to help the average reader understand the meanings behind the many acronyms on the UN climate change website. 
Mike of Blip.tv (which hosts AiB videos): 
That's hard to believe since Libya is an oil producing country. 
Websites would not be blocked for absurd reasons as it is the case today. 
Part of those plans include partaking in traditions with roots in our native countries. 
Is this the beginning of guerilla warfare in Kenya? 
In the future, Kenya must educate the masses. 
In the interview, Malher explains how he first became interested in Ethiopian Christianity in 1998, while studying theology at the University of Strasbourg. 
Some rejoice in Obama’s victory, while others evaluate what impact "Obama as President" would have on Iranian political life. 
—The Departed 
The Middle East and North African bloggers could hardly contain themselves. 
But then Obama won in Iowa, and the narrative changed. 
One of those attending the Istanbul rally was local Armenian blogger, The Armenian Observer, who posts an account of the day. 
The former UN secretary general, Kofi Annan, was yesterday enlisted to help broker a peace deal in Kenya. 
In Damr.net, she gets touted as the successor of Delfin Quishpe, the Ecuadorian character who became a viral sensation signing about a girlfriend who died on the World Trade Center on 9-11. 
Things that the ruling party would have preferred swept under the carpet were brought to light. 
Rachel, a rabbinical student living in Jerusalem and the author of the Rachel Chronicles, is critical of the media's condemnation of Israel, asking them to think about Israel's options in the face of ongoing rocket fire on civilian populations. 
From Ghacks, we are directed to two environmental mashups. 
To the Authorities: Let My People Vote! 
Most Moroccans feed their cats scraps and they seem to do fine. 
Kosovo's recent declaration of independence results from the failure of both sides to reach common grounds over diplomatic talks. 
Nepal: Blogging for Students · Global Voices 
You can find the list of the participants being constantly updated in the Rising Voices Wiki. 
The urban jungle has swallowed it up." 
We shall start with a little dance from yours truly.... 
Marshmallow26 is suffering from a bout of insomnia and with army raids in her neighbourhood and barking dogs she has a hard time catching up with her beauty sleep ("oh no I see those black circles surrounding my red bleared eyes;wish there were no mirrors at all"). 
Auto and truck drivers become ultimately responsible for their safety. 
Chance conversations like this just do not happen in the media. 
Armenia: Hypnosis & 2013 · Global Voices 
All that did not really get to me. 
Morocco is celebrating Ashoura, the 10th day of the month of Moharram (which is the first month of the Hijra calendar year). 
Global Voices Lingua is honored to announce today that German, Albanian and Macedonian have launched officially. 
Afghan women have made notable progress since the end of the Taliban's unforgiving gender apartheid seven years ago. 
This is a huge victory for digital activism. 
In the shopping mall a young Chechen girl asks me to look how a new dress fits her... Everyone is so friendly and respectful to each other" . 
Message - Report 
And if dispersals, beatings and arrests are so easy to predict, then why push young guys and girls at the riot police cordons? 
Blogging is closer to activism than journalism, but bloggers sometimes do some journalism (i.e. bloggers from Myanmar, Egypt and Iraq committed acts of journalism). 
Zapiro cartoon posted at Kubatana blog: "It’s hard work keeping those pesky results at bay." 
This has not happened yet. 
While it may not be the number one topic of conversation on the government's agenda, Israeli bloggers and netizens just can't seem to stop talking about the situation in Sderot. 
The question of amenability is premature. 
Middle East and North Africa: Client Number Nine · Global Voices 
In posting his weekly roundup, Notes from Port of Spain reported that: 
Instead, Greece, and the U.N. by default, have continued to call Macedonia by the name "Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia". 
Is that possible? 
Elsewhere, Jordanian bloggers have been tracking a new advertising war between two telecom giants in the country, Zain and Umniah, whose cell phone deals have caused a consumer frenzy. 
This experience has been very useful. 
On my blog, Rakoto's Rants, I pointed out that although the main authors are from major US universities one of the collaborating institutes is based in Antananarivo and a Malagasy scientist is a collaborating author. 
But I never get into a car with someone who appears not sober/overexcited/disturbed - regardless of his ethnicity. 
John Musarra at Tajiksitan Journal desribes his shopping experience at Orima, while Ravshan thinks that the Supreme Court’s decision was inadequately harsh and would negatively affect the country’s investment climate. 
Well, I am a Monbukagakusho Scholar, studying Computer Science at Nagoya Institute of Technology. 
Well, it depends. 
Even for food exporters, rising prices has touched a nerve. 
In Tajikistan, where people already faced a winter-long energy shortage, it looks like more than 260,000 people are in need of immediate food assistance. 
He adds his recommendations to SA conservationists based on his vast experience working with wildlife in Kenya. 
“The prognosis is bad. 
Danwei has already compiled a number of updates from various sources, as has Shanghaiist, with information on user-shot video from Sichuan Chinese video portal websites were quick to get up on their front pages. 
How would you like to see the Internet and blogging utilised in Malawi? 
One is Radio - which reaches to people and doesn't need technology and the other is really hi-tech considering that not many people even know what blogs are. 
Sometimes I will view the search terms and realize especially with repeated terms searched, I should do a post on a particular subject due to the ongoing level of interest. 
So scarce that, after doing the math, each victim would receive COP7,000 (US$4 or €2.50). 
But they do exist and are very active. 
It has been more than 11 months since then and we didn’t hear anything. 
Earlier this month, Morar (LJ user natmorar) had a bizarre experience at Istanbul International Atatürk Airport, which she has described (RUS) on her blog: 
He writes: 
In the new one, the terminology Democracy has emerged, and it is supported by a state, its institutions and the law! 
Walk like an Egyptian ... Marry like an Egyptian · Global Voices 
"that they are superior to males of other nationalities. 
None of that stuff upset me. 
algulya: 
Khrushchevki will survive us all! 
Not like this, in such a disrespectful manner, should we have fulfilled our duties towards our sons. 
How come such a man's daughter had a child out of wedlock?" - "..." - "Just tell me one thing: why didn't you have an abortion?" - "Am I an idiot or what? 
A Bahraini blogger currently studying in the UK compares the spirit of volunteering in Bahrain and in Western countries. 
...the Croatian public, the Croatian politics, Croatian diplomacy, the Croatian police and the government are simply silent. 
It is also true that you could leave your home two hours before an appointment - but without a car, you will never get there. 
The Daily Brunei Resources shares a brief history of the Olympics. 
If the facility is allowed to proceed, Kenyans will without doubt pay dearly, in the same way history is certain to harshly judge the current generation. 
The first story starts when a screen writer, an actor, and a director, Nien-Jen Wu left a message in Haomei's blog about the Sacred Heart Home for the challenged people. 
In the following video, indigenous group members tell about their health problems, cancer and their case against Chevron-Texaco where they ask them to clean up after themselves. 
He argues that instead of the Chinese state sponsored and controlled sports model, India should “lift enough people to prosperity, and the sporting laurels will roll in”. 
How about antibiotics? 
Reading English reactions, this reminder is effective. 
It was funny, cause one of the guys said in a very enthusiastic manner and I quote “No Macyeen, yes Bahama” Bahama? 
The launch early last month of Google's Street View service in major Japanese cities brought with it considerable controversy and debate among Internet users, particularly with regard to the scope of coverage and lack of local consultation prior to roll-out. 
We're starting to have more and more bloggers that come from more economically and socially challenged backgrounds now, and we used to have mostly white-upper-middle-class bloggers before, and that's a change for sure. 
CNN has this cctv footage (click the 'Truck Bombing in Pakistan' video) which shows that there was a gap of at least 3 minutes between the first explosion and the massive explosion. 
Don’t try to reach them, educate them, or show your thoughts. 
I demanded to know what it is. He tried to open her mouth and put it in and I yelled "She's not a cat!" but she sat up a bit and took it. 
Just as geisha in ancient times noted down everyday life happenings and thoughts in their diaries, modern maiko (apprentice geisha) and geisha artists today write diaries as well. 
Photo by Flickr user Luana Garrido used with permission. 
No police were killed. 
Sasa from Syria is surprised that many girls in Damascus are wearing yellow: "Does EVERY girl in this city have to be dressed in yellow? ... Like someone dumped a huge yellow paint pot on the city." 
Perhaps being away from home has its negative aspects, but there is no doubt that there are positive aspects to it too. 
He also wrote about "the follow-up insult-to-injury gambit": 
But those exports are falling compared to imports, and the general cost of living is rising dramatically. 
I’ve already received some packages of books that I have distributed and I’ll tell you about where they went and my experiences with handing them out in my next blog. 
If I had to estimate, I would say that in my entire 450-person community, maybe 5 people use toothbrushes on a regular basis. 
The Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) of UK has banned the adverts because they were misleading and inaccurate. 
So we thought that there is no real reason to go and live abroad. 
Photo by Patinet and used under a Creative Commons license. 
Let's not forget, as homo_googleticus mentions (POL), that we are talking about illegal behaviour here: 
- At the Balkan Crew, GV author Danica Radovanovic writes about places she loves best in Belgrade: 
Worse than the Americans? 
Iraqi blogger Roads to Iraq also has a conspiracy theory, translating some opinions found on Arabic news sites: 
# Terrorists hijacked fishing boards 
update 12:10 - Israeli radio: Indian media claims the Chabad emissaries are held alive, hence the commando forces are extremely careful. 
I forgot I was wearing a yellow shirt as today is Monday. 
Others suggest this illness is somehow a form of comeuppance for what they see as his bad governance. 
There is homophobia in the media and public opinion and many gays are not aware of the protection that these anti-discrimination laws could give them. 
It shouldn't be bad toward homosexuals but it shouldn't support them. 
Activist turned informant creates uproar in New Zealand · Global Voices 
Feliz Navidad is one of the top 25 most played and recorded Christmas songs around the world. 
In some states, like Bahia, female mortality rates are 5 times higher than the limit accepted by the World Health Organization, most are deaths caused by complications resulting from illegal abortions . 
It still seemed just around the corner, or at least the corner after that. 
DRC: A "Gloomy" Christmas in Kinshasa · Global Voices 
Robert Amsterdam comments on the Russian governments recently published list of companies of strategic interest. 
Many people of our region have left it for good over the years. 
Another Armenian blogger, Kornelij , is impressed with Turkey's intelligentsia. 
Anywhere, it doesn’t really matter. 
Although there is a small number of bloggers writing directly from Gaza, many Gaza residents are instead sending text messages and making phone calls abroad in the hopes that their stories will be told. 
Some Bangladeshi bloggers went there to investigate and reported via blog posts, pictures and videos that the claims were far from truth and it is probably a money making scam. 
That question was openly posed to the community of Peruvian blogosphere on Juan Arellano's blog Globalizado . 
What the current Israeli and American administrations refuse to accept is that military force simply DOESN'T WORK. 
Today, I called Gaza. 
Please speak now. 
He also lists the countries which oppose the summit: These are the countries which couldn’t be bothered: 
La Cholita of Sembrando Palabras writes about some people's sentiments that it doesn't matter which Constitution governs Bolivia, that is people will find a way to continue its problems. 
Bolivia: Final Unofficial Results of Constitutional Referendum · Global Voices 
President Ravalomanana president flew to one of the affected areas to assess the extent of the devastation. 
"Sukyree led a colourful and productive life—and had certainly left among his circle of friends a lasting mark in their memory. 
- 07h GMT: vandalism perpetraded against Magro shopping center . 
In the end of each clip, the voice over promises they are "Good books, and good to read". 
I am no Socialist 
Did Prime Minister Erdogan react in a way that will benefit Turkey and its role in the Middle East? 
Iglesia Descalza, a librarian, blogs: 
He is one of the few bloggers that has worked professionally as a journalist: first in the magazine “Cuba” up until 1987. 
Does it make sense to do more tests on a sick patient when you already know which disease s/he is suffering from? 
This was frustrating because I wanted to share my thoughts on various issues of concern with people. 
Jagdeo has convinced himself that the public has been put into panic and now police and shit are involved. 
The first three newbies to leave a comment indicating their interest will get to do it. 
Given: Ukraine is falling apart. Kyiv-based Abdymok, who appears to have been near the Naftogaz building at the time of the siege, chose to post a tranquil photo from "around the corner": right around the corner from naftohaz, where riot police touting automatic assault rifles were being pushed around by parliament deputies belonging to prime minister yuliya tymoshenko’s eponymous bloc, workers lined up flower boxes to be hoisted up to the window sills of kyiv’s city administration headquarters on the capital’s main thoroughfare khreshchatyk. (kyiv, march 4) 
Or those other patients of this department - drug addicts after an overdose. 
CzechFolks.com writes about Vaclav Klaus' views on global warming and other issues. 
In Singapore, investors protested in the streets when big Wall Street banks crashed last October. 
Maldives Dissent informs: 
I hope that we all will survive, but the world will not stay the same. 
American (living in Libya) blogger On the Edge recently wrote about miscellaneous events but the most heart wrenching part from her post was the passing away of the family cousin as a result of medical malpractice in Libya. 
That's what it's all about ... the awards I mean, not why I blog in general. 
But that's all you're going to get on a Day Like Today. 
Once they get used to the new timeslot, new government comes and changes it again. 
Now the article has been taken down in the website but the Senate Resolution also asked the Philippine Overseas Employment Agency (POEA) to look into the working condition of the overseas Filipino workers in Hong Kong. 
Adnan Hindi emphasizes: 
A Cambodian blogger invites Khmer-Americans who are looking for stable jobs to return and work in Cambodia. 
About 40 people were arrested, mostly in Kafr al-Sheikh, and security presence was slightly more massive than usual. 
Across the street from the government building, they are calling for civility and calmness, while inside the parliament building, they are burning furniture, breaking windows and looting all they can. 
But residents of Boljevci protested as well. 
Black Shirts. 
Taiwan: Promoting language diversity · Global Voices 
If any of our Canadian readers are thinking of a vacation in Jamaica, may we suggest you reconsider that Barbados is a much friendlier and safer vacation place. 
Now, you've pissed off both the Armenians (for not using the term 'Genocide) AND the Turks (for not using the 'G-word' but implying everything else by changing the definition and the application of it). 
In order to continue necessary services, the government will allow workers with “scarce skills” to be eligible for re-employment on 12-month contracts. 
During the retirement case, the Bainimarama government argued the 55 year rule will free needed cash for the government, allow older civil servants to enter the private sector with new businesses and, more importantly, permit Fiji’s bulging young population a place in the workforce. 
This seem to be a myth as the level of arm robbery had in fact increase to a higher level. talking to some citizen yesterday sa they said that the government is not looking to the cause of the problem but rather finding political aternative to real and difficult crime prevension and the protection of citizens and other that are residing in around monrovia. 
SOME 2.4 MILLION PEOPLE ARE TRAFFICKED EACH YEAR; 1.2 MILLION OF THEM ARE CHILDREN Every minute, every day, men, women and children are being transported, used or sold against their will. 
Ultimately, failed miserably in her role which was to allay the concerns of our family and the public. 
We start off with the popular blog 4th Ring Road which mocks the religious 'Kuwait Awqaf Public Foundation' for neglecting their English copy before publicly printing thousands of documents with the embarrassing gaffe: 'Kuwait Awqaf Pubic Foundation.' 
Paraguayan animator Joaquín Baldwin is a finalist for his film "Sebastian's Voodoo" in the category "Short Film Corner" at the Cannes Film Festival. 
What more can this illegal regime suck out of its citizens? 
But you - you have become what you are thanks to your fother-in-law. 
We sat in his ancient Volga as he played me old cassette tapes and told me his deportation story. 
A campaign blog titled Support Parachinar has been put up to highlight the pleas with suggestions and ways to help: 
The military claimed to have killed more than 147 militants in Swat and the neighboring Buner region. 
The open university must meet their demands immediately and stop treating them as if they were temporary contractor workers!" 
It is a warning to others to not step out of line. 
About a month ago, Jost A Mon blog posted a “roundup of translated crime fiction consumed in April” - which included several books by writers from Central and Eastern Europe. 
If there is a torture, it is applied to small patients who don’t obey the rules in the center and who hinder all of us who want to treat ourselves. 
Its opinion on abortion is nevertheless quite controversial. 
4) I saw someone practicing politics in the university sir, his name is Obama! 
Hey maybe the US will stop hassling us about all the piddly tax stuff? 
Whilst world attention was focused on the fiercely fought presidential election in Iran, communal elections held in June 12 in Morocco attracted little notice by world media. 
Thirty parties were competing for the votes of some 13 million Moroccans who were called on Friday to elect nearly 20,000 local councilors for terms of six years. 
After the second round of voting, Ecuador boasts two candidates for the online competition for the Seven New Wonders of the World: The Galapagos Islands (B-Islands) and the Amazonian Region (F - Forests, National Parks and Nature Reserves). 
NL: What's been the biggest surprise about blogging? 
And am getting quite impatient... 
It was a move that they knew would be highly publicized and designed to remove public support for the strike action. 
It's been too long since Egyptian bloggers came together under the same opinion. 
In such meetings, the real opposition must take part and not hopeless figures from the past. 
Neutral things generally look like a normal distribution model; both good things and bad things should come out of it and on the whole, look balanced. 
Datuk Ambiga Sreenevasan asks if Malaysia can survive a second Anwar prosecution 
She spends a day as a real house wife in the Bangladesh capital Dhaka and notices: 
Still, the question remains, who were the murderers, and who stood behind them? 
Indeed, Cellcom may have had good intentions by creating this ad, since as Walla!news discovered, the football game idea was inspired by an older Israeli ad made for OneVoice's peace campaign visioning to host the 2018 world cup in Israel-Palestine. 
American Algerian The Moor Next Door discusses the issue in this post. 
There isn't another event in Egypt's contemporary or past history which makes us unable to form a clear opinion on whether you are with or against it like this one. 
Netizens are provoked to ask questions about why teenagers hate their own parents so much and what problem brought this about. 
Respect others and do not project hate speech upon any social group. 
You will never win you hoodlums. 
And then they get surprised – why they always feel lack of money? 
I visited the Web site and found the women from different villages in halter tops and short dresses, which may or may not be the clothing that they would usually wear, but it seemed out of place. 
With the launch of google.ps, we bring the total number of Google domains worldwide to more than 160. 
Syrian blogger Omar Mushaweh, writing at AlMarfaa, announced the competition : Al Mudawen announced the launch of a contest for the best Syrian blogs, which is an annual competition sponsored by the Syrian blogging community on August 8 of each year to mark the anniversary of its establishment. 
Those who have witnessed his miracle and the establishment of his Kidney Hospital there, at a time where hospitals were not in a better state than they are now. 
He would be content if the win would solve some of Mexico's problems such as defeating narcotrafficking or speeding up work on the Metro's Line 12. 
fortunately the election was conducted with relative calm. . . the amazing thing was that old men and women came to vote and their enthusiasm even was more important that young people. 
While gay and lesbian bloggers in Africa use blogs to express themselves freely, there are also anti gay bloggers targeting them. 
And now that their dream has come true: جاء القطار الحجازي الذي يربط مدينة الزرقاء بعمّان، وتم الإعلان عنه، وقام “الشوفير” بتشغيله، و “شَمَّر الكنترولية” عن أكمام قمصانهم استعداداً للعمل، وانطلق القطار بـ 6 ركاب فقط شامل الصحافية من جريدة الرأي ووالدتها، أي أنّ العدد الفِعلي للزبائن الذين دفعوا “ربع دينار” أجرة القطار هم فقط 4 أشخاص، بالرغم من أنه يتسع لـ 300 راكب. 
قبلت جبينه ودعوت ربي أن يجمعنا رمضان في خيرِ وسعادة واستقرار . My grandfather did not complete his story, and my eyes swelled with tears over our brutal reality - living under siege and in destruction, with all our relatives and neighbours scattered everywhere, each alone and confused. 
Kenyan cartoonists find a home in the blogosphere · Global Voices 
A Caricature of Oprah Winfrey by GatharaGathara studied physics and math at Moi University in Nairobi, Kenya. 
Dominican Republic: The Theft of Cables and Scrap Metal · Global Voices 
He fought with all his heart and he did not get to experience how independence is like. is justice too big to ask? 
Marrying an Arab or non Arab doesn’t matter to me, but since my mom is a German convert and my dad is an Arab and I’m a child of a mixed marriage I thought I might let you know the advantages of mixed marriages. 
So you never know, but I rather not! 
Let's move ahead, forge our destiny and join forces together in beating our meats or around the bushes to reach an unprecedented Syrian Orgasm against absurdity, hypocrisy and sanctimony. 
Tribalism. 
USA: 30 New York Mosques in 30 Days · Global Voices 
Through Global Voices in French, I met Albertine Meunier, who conducts internet workshops with senior citizens in France. 
Otherwise, next time I am calling Barun." 
In The Massacres of Río Negro, survivor Jesús Tecú described being enslaved by a leader of the Xococ PAC, a man who ripped his youngest brother out of his arms and swung him by his feet, smashing his brains against rocks in front of his eyes because his wife was "not used to caring for a small child. 
Palestinian Mohammed Obaidat asks his countrymen if they are real Palestinians. 
The meet-up was an answer to an appeal launched by a group that first appeared on Facebook calling itself MALI? (for Alternative Movement for Individual Liberties and which acronym means literally "What about me?"). 
Those taking part in the event were reportedly trying to protest for the abrogation of article 222 of the Moroccan Penal Code which states that "any person known for his/her affiliation with Islam, who ostensibly breaks the fast in public during Ramadan is punishable by one to six months imprisonment and a fine." 
Per is regarded as one of the most active foreign journalists covering the Egyptian labor strike wave and human rights abuses for a number of Swedish publications as well as activist websites like Electronic Intifada. 
I walked with a couple girls from my 11.3 class and held an impromptu geology lesson. 
Blank Noise recently initiated a discussion about self-defence: 
Perhaps most of the people here are not sure why US President Barack Obama was honored, and they are pretty sure that he doesn't deserve it. 
If it was the New York Times that plagiarized my blog I would be rich right now. 
You can copyright your whole blog as other bloggers have done, and have your name embedded on the photos. 
An adoptee answers a question asked on a website regarding love between adoptees and adoptive parents: 
I don't think my biological parents could have loved me more than my adoptive ones. 
Yes, it's been more than a year since I took leave a long leave from blogging but now I'm back, for good. 
She also features a range of products like poetry posters, books, magnets and even scary poems for Halloween 
Hungary, Serbia: Tragedy At The Border · Global Voices 
Ukraine: Swine Flu (and Some Election Politics) · Global Voices 
MENA: H1N1, Vaccines and Conspiracy Theories · Global Voices 
Georgia: Reaction to lack of media attention on Azerbaijan bloggers' trial · Global Voices 
However, N'Diaye and her family move to Berlin to years ago, in large part because of French president Nicolas Sarkozy's politics. 
Large sections of most developing countries -typically the lowest income populations- are disenfranchised, lacking political participation and voice. 
Empirical data shows that participation is not typically an important part of e-government programs in poorer countries even though they are the ones who most needed it. 
Holding public servants and politicians accountable for their actions requires a robust civil society, strong judiciary and legal framework, a free and active press among other factors. 
I want to be part of the solution. 
According to several news websites, security forces clashed with students and arrested some of them. 
In July 2009 M-Pesa totaled more than seven million subscribers, who collect or send money through a network of more than 1400 bank agents, making it the largest bank in the country. 
Challenges of m-pesa banking 
In recent years, due to large number of Nepali workers traveling abroad in search of employment, immigration and border security has also morphed into a virtual gold mine for those officers seeking undue benefits. 
Over the next few days, we will be putting together the data collected before presenting it to our Prime Minister, Mr Lee Hsien Loong, by email and in hard copy. 
The Egg, the Blob, the Bubble, the Dome… In the heart of Beirut, the shell of the egg-shaped structure that once was the avant-garde cinema of the late City Center complex is soon to be demolished to be replaced by a section of the Beirut Gate project. 
She also believes that blogging helps her to communicate within herself, so that she can know who she is inside and it provides this chance besides a social tool to boost freedom of expression. 
But somehow I've ended up wearing jeans paired with a Pakistani shirt and dupatta when we go out probably as many times as I've worn shalwar kameez. 
Colombia: FARC's controversial online presence · Global Voices 
Dan Kennedy writes about the role of citizen media in keeping Haiti connected to the world. 
Hisham Sadek was drawn to the idea, and asked to collect all those words into a dictionary. @sadekhm: LOL guys, we need to make a dictionary for this :D 
Havana Times posted an open letter from a Guatemalan filmmaker who was in Jacmel at the time of the earthquake, disputing some of the images that have appeared in international TV coverage: 
The Cronulla pictures should warn us that such misuse of symbols is both tasteless and dangerous as it allows for the type of mindless mob rule that feeds into totalitarianism. 
In short, the return of an ambassador is good, but playing along with a peace process that is long on process and short on peace will be difficult for Syria, which has none of the media savvy that Israel has. 
Damascene Jasmin writes about Syria's first international marathon. 
We are not happy with a Plane load of 300 people dying in the streets of Jos in Religious wars because of inaction from a missing leader. 
As is the case with many of the Obama administration's accomplishments during its first year, advancements in diplomatic relationship between the US and Cuba have been subtle. 
And another group promotes online communication among students: I check my e-mail before going to school, to make sure there's no bomb alert. 
China’s Orwellian Future · Global Voices 
Likened to blood diamonds, its mining has not only caused ecological damage, human rights abuses, but some say is also fueling the conflict in the Congo. 
My God, don't we have other problems? 
On Tuesday I was late at work obviously of back pains and all, shame man the Comrade seems to be losing his mojo I guess, Tuesday I repeated the same, and when she pulled the am tired plug out, then I knew it was my opportunity to attack, I jumped out of bed and switched on the lights and demanded a meeting immediately, fine she said and there we where, 
In 2005 a Pakistani lawyer contended in a Lahore court that Basant was not just a Hindu ritual but a lethal game. 
Turks in Germany were told - "you are here to stay". 
Russian leading search engine Yandex turned all the images in its images search upside down. 
When I was picking him up from the police department, I asked them - why? 
And today I'm interested in only one thing - whose special forces have been working today? 
Don’t bear with them, they dreamed of power, wicked as they see it, food related and cruel. 
Good for them." 
The results were not terribly surprising: Fidesz won with 52.77% after the first round, which translates into 206 seats out of a total of 386. 
A post titled Ruth Messinger: Failed Elections in Sudan: Now What? at Blog All Over the World argues that Obama's carrot and stick policy towards Sudan needs some sticks: 
Chitrangi’s Weblog shares a story of police brutality on a 32 years old worker of the Sri Lanka Transport Board in Panadura. 
Singapore: Retraction of invitation to hearing-impaired educator · Global Voices 
Twitter reactions about the raging urban battles in Bangkok 
The Red Shirts have been protesting in the streets for the two months already. They are demanding the resignation of Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva whom they accuse of being illegitimate and undemocratic. 
FLISOL is the Latin American Free Software Installation Festival, an event organized by the Latin American free software community since 2005. 
No margin of error. 
Concerned Kenyan citizens then began attending Parliament sessions in order to publish their observations and help build an online database of legislative information. 
Many do not think of the Gaza youngsters and their need to play sports. 
There were many reports of torture and arbitrary arrests as well. 
@marxshields: DownTown Kgn. 
Indeed, the Internet police launched a war against bloggers where more than 11 blogs were censored. 
As usual AL (Awami League) responds in only way it knows to an Islamist/Rightist threat, cave in immediately. 
On her Facebook page Mihal Ratner posts images of weapons found on board the Marmara: 
A slight snag though: two commentators, probably anti-semitic, point out that this photo really is from February 2006. 
For one thing, the Palestinian people are doing so; there has been an outpouring of love for her from them. 
Police rescue camel 
One of them was Basesoft from Szikszó, a town in northern Hungary. 
Ilya was certainly not the only one blaming Ehud Barak for the outcome of the operation. 
Piseth quotes from a report which mentions that Cambodia now has more than 7 million mobile phone subscribers. 
Mike comments about the exclusion of foreigners in the event 
Demonstrations and rage continued in Egypt following the death of a young Egyptian, allegedly at the hands of police. 
The Pixie’s Facebook fan page was bombarded with fan’s comments about the cancellation. 
Stop your hunger strike Majid. 
Our cause, also dear to him, looked lost. 
However, "el Gabo" -as he is widely known- has become almost the only author that is referenced when talking about this topic. 
The Sunrise LNG Project involves the development of the Sunrise and Troubadour gas fields, collectively known as Greater Sunrise, located offshore, approximately 450 km north-west of Darwin, Northern Territory. 
Emily also posts a photograph of her own arm, post-henna: 
How would you convey the same meaning to other languages in the same picturesque way? 
Furthermore, I believe that there are two separate government structures operating in Angola: the official multi-party MPLA, which accepts press freedom and democratic principles; and a mono-party MPLA, whose structure works in the shadow of government and roughly accepts criticism. 
The thumbnail image used in this post, "Intimidatory graffiti in Kingston", is by bbcworldservice, used under a Creative Commons license. 
Middle East: World Cup Final Thoughts · Global Voices 
He asks: 
Surely, school trips will support the economy greatly, for sure they will find accommodation in five-star hotels 
Some are even cynical as to the woman's claim she was in search of a relationship: 
However, we emphasize that the distribution of reports is not as significant as the distribution of new ideas that turn into concrete projects and partnerships. 
Hamed's friends on the "Free Hamed Saber" blog wrote : 
And what a waste of a good life. 
He asked us to drive around, take photos and post them on the web. 
If we examine the gutsy and witty act further, Pong’s decision to spray paint the green dome that bears a resemblance to a turtle’s shell turned out to be a brilliant stunt. 
The next simplistic leap of faith for them is that if society is straying, then it must be that it needs to return to its core values 
Strangely women have been always working with men in Egypt since the days of the Pharaohs in the fields on the banks of the Nile!! 
So a play like BuSSy was bound to be criticised because it sheds light on some of the things we would rather keep hidden. 
Pro monarchy groups demanding restoration of constitutional monarchy, and establishment of a Hindu state in Nepal forced its capital to shut down. 
These projects are now able to provide information that has never before been accessible to citizens. 
Technology alone then is no guarantee of cleaner elections. 
This post is part of our special coverage Caucasus Conflict Voices. With a little over a week to go before the second anniversary of the short war fought between Russia and Georgia over the breakaway territory of South Ossetia, Evolutsia turns its attention to another one of the country's two frozen conflicts, Abkhazia. 
Meanwhile Google officially denied the accuracy of its search trends used in the Fox News report saying that the sample size is too small for the results to be statistically sound. 
But Muslims must ask themselves the same question: Why the silence as some of our women fade into black, either as a form of identity politics or out of acquiescence to Salafism? 
That's not to say that such tools are without their risks or faults either, of course. 
For the same crime, the CSA poll for l'Humanité showed that 57% think it is necessary. 
When we said that we didn’t, they responded that in this case they had nothing to do with it. 
On Indymedia London, Tim Dalinian Jones published photos from one protest at a BP gas station in Shepard's Bush on April 10, Party at the Pumps, where he says people danced to live and recorded music for over an hour. 
Words that fortunately did not affect me. 
Each year there are renewed calls for his release. 
Mama was talking very calmly, saying that everything would be fine, that we would be rescued. 
In geek speak, the video circulated on Facebook has now created a buzz. 
Liz A. is a contributor from Uganda/Kenya living in the United States. 
In addition, Tan Sri Yusof Basiron Malaysian Palm Oil Council CEO answered several questions on sustainable and green palm oil practices in the Malaysian Star newspaper, responding to a question on forest conservation: 
Is Rwanda progressing or regressing?: 
He was held for several weeks in solitary confinement in section 209 of Evin Prison without any official charges. 
Twitter has been one of the most used tools during the campaign. 
It is important to note that Venezuela was recently ranked third in Twitter penetration in the world. 
An Amnesty International report released last year examined these consequences, as well as the environmental fallout from the industry. 
A video uploaded by Medellin DJ Yohan Melguizo on popular social network Facebook two months ago is causing outrage among animal lovers in Medellin, Colombia. 
The campaigns for the referendum involved two camps: "Yes" camp led by the Kenyan President Mwai Kibaki and Prime Minister Raila Odinga and "No" camp led by the church. 
However, it didn't take long before a young Azerbaijani boy posted this: “İ don't want both nations' freedom.. good for us bad for them....main thing is our freedom...” 
A South African businessman and law student Mohammed Vawda planned to burn the Bible on September 11, 2010 in Johannersburg central business district. 
And that is an important point. 
It was a reality not lost on her too. 
The University of Antioquia, located in Medellín, Colombia, is known as one of the most prestigious public institutions of higher education in Colombia. 
These investigations were mostly conducted independently of the others except for a few collaborations. 
This, and many other causes lead to an ethnic conflict and citizens were evicted out of their state en masse. 
Besides the lack of interest in civic participation, blogger Roberto Belicanec writes about lack of substance of political communication. 
Celebrities are caught attempting to shirk the duty for fear of losing fame while in uniform. 
To realise the many benefits of reuse, various stakeholders involved in the management of end-of-life ICTs (and other e-wastes) need to ensure the following: 
And Hilaliya takes the conversation back to Twitter and remarks: 
At any given time, each of the countries that make up the Latin American region has been represented by a talented blogger tasked with the challenge of presenting a wide range of issues in a balanced and fair manner. 
Since then, she has really come into her own, gaining confidence by the day and asking for more challenges. 
The issue of domestic violence in Armenia is well known, albeit rarely spoken about openly. 
Safe motherhood is a worthy objective, but we don’t want teenagers having sex before marriage, do we? 
Mona El Sharkawy: Thanks God, the internet penetration rate in Egypt is still limited. 
At 48 years old, he was one of the youngest Caribbean heads of state, having led the Democratic Labour Party to victory in Barbados' hotly-contested general election in January 2008, winning by a landslide against the incumbent Barbados Labour Party. 
Common effluent treatment plants and wastewater treatment plants are commonly-suggested solutions, even if the costs associated are too high and unaffordable in many parts of the developing world. 
IMHO, learning to read Arabic is no more complicated than learning a non-Latin alphabet, for example Cyrillic. 
The fact that we use political satire came as part of the "personal catharsis" aspect of writing: we write about things we find funny; things we find ridiculous; and things that piss the hell out of us. 
El Rata: We often use sarcasm and irony subtly (and sometimes not so subtly!) to criticize something that we find ridiculous. 
It can be defined as an important part of becoming a social person , as it deals with the working etiquette of an employee, and was created to indicate the type of communication that is established between a superior with his junior colleagues over social drinks apart from the office. 
The implications are that there's a clampdown on the extraordinary freedom of expression we've had in this country since 1994. 
God, restore our country 
Dheebor at Somewhereinblog mentions that many European countries have started to withdraw troops from Afghanistan. 
Vietnamese football has made a lot of improvement since then. 
I am a victim together with her. 
India: Obama Mania · Global Voices 
So you understand, I am in the Democratic Republic of Congo, a country where women face the cruelest and most brutal violence in the world. 
On the Summit's second day, a forum called "1,000 Days: Change a Life, Change the Future" highlighted child undernutrition, stressing the importance of proper early feeding in combating extreme hunger and poverty. 
This is what you get when you cannot clean your house and going ahead to trying to clean the streets." 
(C) Levitte observed that Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez is "crazy" and said that even Brazil wasn't able to support him anymore. 
Mob tendencies have intensified as a result of which the constabularies have been forced to take extreme action. 
A few Iranian sites wrote Malekpour was the main manager of hard porn Avizoon site and he is not a political prisoner. 
I was going to say, perhaps, he should not have included it in his budget, but then that would be strange — the tower is supposed to be one of his "high-impact" projects. 
Overcrowding and the violation of human rights 
She's not a woman, even if she has started her menses. 
Adriana Gutiérrez 
Further north, migrants traveling through Mexico into the United States made news around the world this year, when 72 bodies of migrants from several Latin American countries were found on August 23. 
Many accidents and disasters this year continued to be man-made. 
If security organizations, such as the FSB were not only tough - as they are - but also had a brain, they would understand that they have to stop people who can start a wave first. 
It is an example of how a society will react to various threats when it’s ready to respond to them. 
Puerto Rico: More Students Arrested · Global Voices 
In the end Chhoeki had a simple suggestion which might have been the way to go: 
Dr. Sen represents the complexity of the issue of groups and individuals like him. 
Moreover, it's nothing but a substitution of notions, because the original meaning of this principle is that the terrorists' demands shouldn't be met - in order not to encourage new acts of terror. 
Egypt: Visualizing Topics Shared on Twitter · Global Voices 
Mexico: Relatives of Children Killed and Injured in Nursery Fire Seek Justice · Global Voices 
Don’t worry we’ll still report what’s happening in #Egypt no matter what new restrictions they put on us. #Jan25 
While lack of security is cause for concern, it's leading to more solidarity among the people & increasing hatred for regime #Egypt 
Next step, try asking powerful ppl, Online and Offline, to make calls and help us locate Wael Ghonim 
@Sandmonkey: (cont) We keep hearing gun battles but there isn't a single stray bullet anywhere or casualty of gun fire or a bullet hole. #jan25 
He asked, surprised. 
Israel is like the weak kid in class who stuck with the bully for protection, and one day, the bully is kicked out of school. 
Internet groups had called for Syrians to join the region-wide protests in Egypt, Yemen and Jordan, on February 4th and 5th, 2011. 
Iranian bloggers from across the political spectrum continue to share their opinions on uprisings in the Arab world. 
Eman continues: 
On Twitter, @randa610 shares her own dream for Egypt: 
Trinidad & Tobago: What Egypt Can Teach Us · Global Voices 
With your logic, it is equally true that no African has the right to call himself South African unless he is descended from the Khoi-San. 
Photoblogger Monirul Alam shares photos of the Hartal (general strike) called by the opposition which took place today in Dhaka and elsewhere in Bangladesh. 
n_zanki: @khadijapatel One Indonesian woman has been killed in #Tahrir clashes. 
How time flies, but life remains a cycle. 
1- If we want Mubarak to resign we have to work within the confines of the constitution that we currently have now and have Fathy Suroor be president (worse than Mubarak). 
In short, they don't know where to find the money, because none of the developed countries at the negotiating table appear ready to reach for their wallets. 
Because as seen with the elections in Haiti and Côte d'Ivoire, the international community seems to say that it will not accept self-proclaimed election winners anymore. 
@maryamalkhawaja: Women are running carrying their children 
@Libyan4life: CONFIRMED: Jala Hospital has no more rm for dead, bodies lined up outside of hospital, helicopters shooting over #Benghazi 
Bahrain: Official Day of Mourning Declared · Global Voices 
@iandstone: Gaddafi ranting. 
"Where are the rats and rodents?" 
Not for the basic and fundamental inhumanity of his suggestion that those refugees who recently lost family members in the Christmas Island boat wreck (including the 9 year old boy who lost both of his parents and his brother in the disaster) not be allowed to attend the funerals of their family members, but he apologises for the timing of his comments for the same day of said funerals. 
It's not a monument of the Soviet Union either, though it carries the name of the Soviet Army. 
In the case of Domino's South Korea, when 30 minutes have passed since an order, customers get a 2,000 Won (around 2 USD) discount for each pizza. 
Image by author. 
That spawned a national campaign spearheaded by the Royal Society for the Conservation of Nature, and taking place mostly online. 
Same way with the new alcohol laws. 
@steveweinstein: Gaddafi tells his people, see we can't have democracy like America. 
And on the streets of Egypt, Libya, Yemen… But when it comes to sub-Saharan Africa, it doesn’t seem to be on the news. 
I do not believe that the riots broke out because of dissatisfaction. 
Mauritania youth are back to the streets tomorrow. 
He confirms the report is not about press censorship, as the news circulating about the subject want to believe. 
Currently the country's two opposition leaders, Laurent Gbagbo and Alassane Ouattara, both claim to have won the November 2010 presidential elections. 
Afrikaans singer and celebrity Steve Hofmeyr has “sparked a racial storm” on his sizeable Facebook Page, reports the Times today. 
@Tripolitanian: I trust the people of #Sirte, they know that they are #Libyans, not #Gaddafi loyalists. #Libya 
The Supreme Court of Bhutan has made a landmark verdict ruling that the government violated the Constitution by raising taxes without seeking the Parliament’s approval. 
Following the 9.0-magnitude earthquake that struck Japan on March 11th, Twitter has seen an outpouring of prayers and information. #prayforjapan and #Fukushima have become trending topics, and several official hashtags have been set up to better share regional or topical updates. 
Juliamanda Garza (@juliagarza) sends a message to French newspapers: 
The hashtag will be #newday_GEISAI 
Foreign Minister Kabinga Pande is quoted by one of Zambia’s main newspapers as saying that a decision whether or not to cut ties with the Libyan regime will depend on resolutions passed by the United Nations Human Rights Council. 
At the moment, Genpatsu-kun's stomach ache doesn't stop but his health condition is constantly monitored and so far, only repeated "poopees" (i.e. smoke emissions) have been reported. 
It is difficult to find out if it is true or not. 
While previous calls for protests on 5 February failed, a renewed call to take to the streets on 15 March managed to bring several hundred people to the streets in multiple cities including the capital, Damascus, and Aleppo. 
The news sparked an outpouring of emotion and support on Twitter for the slain cameraman. 
Besides, these types of operations only stay secret for so long. 
Back in 2009 Global Voices published an article about considerable internet controversy surrounding a case of racist violence. 
In his March 23rd post, he writes about the need to get back to normal, since the worry is affecting those they would wish to help, as people stay glued to the TV or news, afraid to leave their homes. 
@iLandBahrain: There is no way out except a political solution, maybe with outside mediation. 
Let them here leo ,Souri’s comments sound the same than to those of the regime.(and similar in one way or other to Dr Landis’s last comments) 
the palace and the radio, in the Plateau and residence remain the bastions of Gbagbo according to a diplomat contacted by #AFP 
How can the Ministry of Tourism promote a message to the whole world that Lebanon is a country which sells its women for the sake of the tourists? أولا، نحن كنساء لا يمكننا منح الجنسية اللبنانية لأولادنا وأزواجنا، نعتبر بنات لرجال لبنانيين ولسنا لبنانيات، وبالتالي لا يمكنكم استغلالنا في دعايتكم السياحية. 
Topics are often driven by requests from her readers, or from issues that are raised in comment discussion that she feels warrant a blog of their own. 
Despite it's growing community of male supporters, Nana Darkoa is adamant that she writes only for women. 
In other words, the Russian segment of LiveJournal was managed by a Russian company. 
Forget the RDB (République du Bunker) and build an RCI, united and fraternal. 
As night wore on, the demonstration wove it's way back to the square and a tense overnight sit-in looked to be in the works. 
@petersbeaumont: Ah the new Egypt. 
Thousands of bodies dumped into the earth, unceremoniously left to rot. 
Photo courtesy of @Abocco 
et's assume he brought it all — cell phones, laptops, and BGAN ground stations, and that he was doing so on a USAID contract. 
Yesterday, Russia celebrated the anniversary of the first time a human being went into outer space, Yuri Gagarin. 
Alaa and Gamal Mubarak are facing the same charges as their father. 
Source: Website of Buddhism Discussion Forum 
In fact, where solutions are cited in the manifesto, they are what the PAP has been doing in the past decades e.g. retraining of low income workers from one low income job to another etc. 
Granted, the Facebook pages were created by Cuban exiles in Spain, but the hope is that they will ignite protest both abroad and on the island in response to the upcoming one-year anniversary of the death of hunger striker Orlando Zapato Tamayo. 
Looking at some of the global reaction to the issue of academic freedom in Malawi, it is encouraging to note that the citizen media is already playing such an important role in promoting transparency and holding political elites accountable for their actions. 
Reactions on Twitter 
Yemen: Lunch Time at the Pro-Change and Pro-Regime Camps · Global Voices 
The referendum includes a major judiciary reform that will grant the president more control over the system, and the creation of a monitoring body for the press which will allow the government to limit freedom of speech. 
Mona seems to believe that once a person falls into the grasp of Wahhabi-Salafi theology, they can never escape, but in fact, Mona herself is the best evidence repudiating that view. 
The Roma in the Republic of Macedonia (RM) have political representation, including a Member of Parliament, a Mayor, and a Government Minister. 
A year later in 2005, reality caught up with us when my traveling older brother, the only one of my siblings to be born in Khan Younis, was told by Israeli authorities on the Allenby Bridge that he couldn't cross through to Amman in Jordan because of his Gaza ID. 
Sicilia also reminded listeners that legislators attempted to pass the National Security Law under the table, and said that it is absurd that the national security is reduced to a military issue. 
Russian bloggers' reactions resemble the reaction of their counterparts in the former Soviet republic of Kyrgyzstan. 
Dimitar Vesselinov: 
I'm guessing waiting for acid man to come? 
Photo by Eduardo Catenacci, on Flickr (CC BY-NC-SA 2.0) 
We are in the area." 
There is, however, the counter to this argument - as put forward by Beirut Drive By - that only political bloggers are free to post their opinions, thus making a distinction between political and apolitical blogs: 
UmairJ writes about the visit of Afghanistan's president Hamid Karzai to Islamabad in an attempt to better relationship between the two nations and seek support of Pakistan in forcing the Taliban to a compromise. 
You know us. 
Photo: Cássio Abreu (CC BY 2.0) 
MissBwalya also tweeted about how she could not get any news on state-owned radio stations: 
The government eventually withdrew its plans, perhaps as a result of protests and an adverse reaction from health officials and possibly because they came up against the economic crisis and had funding problems. 
Vladimir78 adds his point of view to the list of negative consequences : 
Abusuapanyin Kwesi Aikins They need to be confined at a place and be delivered of this evil thing that they are doing... 
Protesters held photos of the hunger strikers. 
Mike in Central American Politics reports: "On Wednesday, Guatemalan electoral authorities rejected Sandra Torres's presidential candidacy on the grounds of "supposed legal fraud." 
The draft amendment won't protect life, it may only cause death of many women and strengthen the underground abortion business. 
Bangalore is also the seat of the Wikimedia India chapter. 
Misleading headline: The Saudi government only apologized for not informing beforehand about the execution, not about executing the maid. 
The plans and subsequent preparation for the construction of section two of the country's 'national road' has attracted strong criticism from indigenous groups whose lands would be affected. 
With a 332 million dollar loan from neighboring Brazil, Morales signed a law that would begin the construction of a road from the town of Villa Tunari to San Ignacio de Moxos in the Department of Beni. 
DipuKids on You Tube by Veneno Cruz 
Sure, some will do that and I say go for it; but it's not a prerequisite. This post is part of our special coverage Global Development 2011 and SlutWalks 2011. 
Nancy disappeared in downtown Ciudad Juárez, and is one of many women that have gone missing in that city. 
Leonid Volkov at Yekaterinburg city council, photo by ekburg.ru, courtesy of Leonid Volkov 
Colombia: University Dean Removed for Inviting Abortion Advocates · Global Voices 
The increasing number of Facebook users can be explained by non-residents of Serbia and Croatia using this social network during their travels. 
To see such utter contempt and rage so close, on the snarling-yet-gleeful faces of the perpetrators, makes you question what it is that makes up a human being. 
Haters go to hell.Wendall well done you deserve the money. 
Increase minimum wages to 300bht nation-wide, right away with your 300-strong mps in the house. 
Ursula Lindsey, from the Arabist, notes the cultural revolution that has taken place in Egypt since Mubarak's ouster. 
Asma Magariaf (@LibyanBentBladi) suggested that Jalloud might be working for Gaddafi from Italy: 
Photo courtesy of The Urban Massive blog (OFM) 
Where is Nato in all of this? 
Photo courtesy of @vote4africa. 
Mexico: 61 Die in Attack on Casino in Monterrey · Global Voices 
As Hurricane Irene, the first of the 2011 Atlantic hurricane season, continues to move through the Bahamas, bloggers have been sharing their experiences. 
@AamirLiaquat: Everyone knows it is a world of technology. 
According to the blogger, Chamber of Accounts knowingly concealed serious significant violations worth of millions of dollars. 
Prominent lawyer and human rights advocate Julian Burnside implores Australians to reflect on our national character: 
Let's take a look at how netizens discuss Biden's noodle meal at Sina Weibo. @artjiejie talks about the incident in a sarcastic tone: 
Yesica Guerra describes the project in this video interview with the Knight Foundation blog : 
Whether you people in Europe, and us here in the south, if we could find a way to get together and get what’s wrong with the whole of the system, capitalist system of course? 
In May 2011, the State broadcaster Central Television Station revealed that the country's annual spending for the "three public" items was up to RMB1900 billion in 2010, which accounts for 60% of all administrative expenses. 
Gomnamian blog writes : Somayeh was accused of insulting Ahmadinejad... 
am speakng to u as part v e civil society...o rather a branch of corupt greedy selfish political men! 
This might explain why the police reacted brutally to Amamy's joke. 
Editor and presenter Yosri Fouda sarcastically adds : @YosriFouda: At the next trial, it would be Tahrir Square that pounced on the American University and killed Mubarak and Adly and 800 members of the security forces 
A first demonstration against the 32 year-long government of José Eduardo dos Santos happened in March of this year, a second one happened in May. Last week, on September 3, Angolan youth went to the streets once again. 
On fears of potential pre- and post-election violence, one Zambian tweep, @bukavu, wrote: 
A retweet of events in one district of Kitwe City where a mosque was allegedly stoned stated: 
I thank RB for the unfinished tared road in Mandevu at least taxi can reach my place #BantuWatch #ZambiaElections 
Turkmenistan 
23, the day marking El Grito de Lares, which was the first major rebellion in Puerto Rico against colonial rule). 
The Guangdong model is seen as an ideological alternative to the state-centric Chongqing model. 
Recalling his commentary back in June on China Elections and Governance, run by the US human rights group Carter Center: 
Hm - let me explain something to you. 
But still, this is quite nice :) 
Get ready for Maker Faire Africa 2011: "From October 6 – 8, 2011; Inventors, Developer, Makers, Idealist, Entrepreneurs and Bloggers will meet-up on the campus of American University in Cairo for Maker Faire Africa 2011 under the hash-tag: #MFA11." 
For weeks, many Bahraini Twitter users used the hashtag #LuluReturn to demand going back to Pearl Square, where their massive February protests took place. 
The penitentiary system in Brazil has been repeatedly been a subject of criticism by human rights groups. 
It is so overwhelming. 
Domestic violence has long been a taboo subject in Armenian circles. 
Most of the provinces are flooded, dams have reached their retention capacity, and the country’s premier industrial estate is completely inundated. 
India: The Tihar Jail VIP Treatment Law · Global Voices 
The timing of the trip coincides with the UN's envoy Ben Omar and GCC's Secretary General Al Zayani's visit to Yemen soon. 
Greeks feel that democracy is canceled now and the country is “occupied” by the IMF the ECB and the European Commission under the authority of the Germans and turned into a protectorate. 
The blog Política Mente Incorrecto shares links to articles, pictures, and several citizen videos of the protest. 
What viewers saw was not the entire picture. 
This post is part of our special coverage Côte d'Ivoire Unrest 2011. 
A tweet by the Presidency of the Republic (@infopresidencia) reported that President Santos already sent a request to Congress asking for the removal of the project to reform higher education Law 30 . 
Photo by David Shankbone on Flickr (CC-BY NC 2.0) 
eSocialists posts this video and adds : Video: Temporary withdrawal of CSF from Tahrir Square in the direction of Talaat Harb Square after forcefully breaking up the sit in 
It is shameful and troubling that Liberia, having endured a cataclysmic civil conflict due to political tyranny and elective justice, would be forced to down the dark paths. 
Why would they show up and help you! 
East African Refugees: Strength from Love © Lutheran World Relief 
In the Cairo suburb of Zamalek, Fatenn Mostafa met other voters remembering those who were killed: 
The situation in Thailand is improving as floodwaters are receding but the death toll has now reached more than 600, according to Saksith Saiyasombut: 
Reyes, now 82, stayed put after his service, working as a professor at the University of Chile in Valparaíso and a scientific journalist. 
While developed countries are scratching their heads over how to reverse climate change or how to deal with it, Bangladesh already has a head start. 
A few days earlier, Iran's parliament voted to expel the British ambassador since relations had deteriorated. 
A Facebook group and a mapping website called "Portugality" have been created to explore the cultures that result from the "global cultural fusion started by Portuguese navigations of the XVth. century and lasting to this day in places like Brazil, Mozambique, East Timor or Malacca". 
As to be expected, SlutWalk has generated rather heated debate in Singapore, and there are many, many people who object to it for various reasons. 
In a show of solidarity, Barbados Underground republished a message sent to them by Lincoln Lewis, the General Secretary of the Guyana Trades Union Congress: 
This is not the first time that the Indian Government has tried to control free speech on Internet, back in 2006 a number of BlogSpot sites were blocked by a Government order leading to a fury amongst the bloggers. 
Google has received government requests for removal of 358 items from its services, including YouTube and Orkut, during the January-June period, according to a report by the internet search giant. 
Puerto Rico: The Success of TEDx San Juan · Global Voices 
So hooray for science, even if I just burst your Kepler 22b bubble. 
More white farms to be designated for rural resettlement. #Zanu PF congress. 
MH: I know that Java is source consuming and therefore the whole tool is slower in browsers with large amounts of data loaded, but this tool was never meant to be used this way. 
We were also suffering when we hear the new detainees screaming and getting beaten behind the walls. @nezrad: One of the things that used to frighten me is when the men whose faces were covered came into the cell late, rounding up some of the new detainees again to give them extra doses of beatings. @nezrad: The moments of waiting in prison were boring and there were many things that irritated us as we could not sleep. @nezrad: One of the things that disgusted us in Al-Naim prison was going to the bathroom. 
Ali Al Saibie tweets: 
The video is designed to zombify people for lamentations about the massacre. 
An alternate route is to plead for clemency with the Ethiopian state. 
Some progress can be reported in the area of air quality. 
The current metrics show a somewhat lower level than the "world record," which nevertheless remains dangerously high. 
She was 48. 
I Wander goes to vacation in the southern Philippine island of Camiguin, "also known as the “island of fire” due to the presence of not one, or two but seven volcanoes in just 230 square kilometers of land!" 
As Ivan explains, the online cycling community is a vibrant one. 
The statement came from an alleged MB website. 
I trace the man he was with my childhood friend Suzgo Kwelepeta and they were talking of business when a Policeman shot him on the mouth. He died instantly. 
Artists have recorded several videos telling some of the stories of people who were murdered in Mexico. 
This post is part of our special coverage Indigenous Rights. 
Then, there is no guarantee you’ll get good medicine — but what’s for sure is that you’ll be blamed and humiliated by the clinic staff. 
The Shamsi airbase is used by the CIA to carry out secret operations in the Pakistani desert Official sources confirmed the suspension of supplies, adding that all containers were stopped at the Takhta Baig checkpost in Jamrud tehsil of Khyber Agency. 
The judge in fact pronounced the rapper guilty of assault on a royalist supporter, but decided to release him because he served his sentence of four months. 
SG_Lion mentioned his thoughts on the country's future: 
Watch this space. 
Arrested following ethnic conflict in southern Kyrgystan, a regional court convicted Azimzhan Askarov to a life sentence on a series of charges that international and domestic human rights organizations feared were 'trumped up' against a background of seething nationalism. 
Though providing much fodder for what can be dismissed as conspiracy theorising, the very style and structure of deep state plots render them almost immediately recognisable to a public that has become all too familiar with them. 
Watching a few videos on YouTube would be a good start in getting to know the vast world of Afro-Venezuelan music. 
Syria2012 "At this time next year, Bashar Al-Assad will be a former president" 
Davydov’s show has already been viewed by over a million users. 
“Maybe if he had won the election, we wouldn’t have had a winter,” mused a third, unbliver. 
Heba Mitkees: I’m 23 years old, turning 24 in July. 
Another tweep says: 
Refugees often experience a compound trauma: The situation that caused them to flee in the first place, as well as the fact that many families become separated during migration. 
Iranian sources say that Saudi Arabia has blocked Iran Leader's site Khamenei.ir. 
Morals aren’t important. 
Even for retailers, whether or not they can benefit from the influx depends on whether the products they sell are mainlanders’ favorites. 
Pakistan: How To Save The Shias · Global Voices 
The mentioned white-blue painting with the Hungarian tricolor, the greeting at the door and the Hungarian newspapers. 
This post is part of our special coverage Russia Elections 2011/12. Mikhail Prokhorov will oppose Prime Minister Vladimir Putin in the March 2012 Russian presidential election. 
Libya’s pre-uprising captain, Tariq Ibrahim Al-Tayib, openly declared his and his team’s support for Gaddafi. 
On the morning of Sunday, January 22, 2012, thousands of families where expelled from their homes with violence by the military police, in the city of são José dos Campos, state of São Paulo, Brazil. 
Meanwhile, CNN reporter Arwa Damon concludes: 
Muhammad Haneef writes: 
Filmed over the course of two years during three visits to Uganda starting January 2010, Call Me Kuchu is a documentary that focuses on gay rights (to be precise – the absence of them) in the “Pearl of Africa”. 
Exiled blogger Elias Kifle was sentenced in absentia to life imprisonment. 
Or is it just me? #HamzaKashgari @SalmaanTaseer 
To put it simply, political forces seeking power very cleverly used the just protests of the people”. 
A future strategy. 
Here are some of the headlines from the world's leading news agencies and mass media: Thousands join human chain protest against Putin || Anti-Putin protesters form 'ring around Moscow' || Impressive anti-Putin demonstration in Moscow || Moscow's Big White Circle || Nine mile human chain encircles Moscow in anti Vladimir-Putin protest || Moscow surrounded: Holding hands 'for fair elections' || Muscovites link hands to protest Putin's grip on power || Putin protests cause a 'chain reaction'... 
Russia: An Overview of the Pre-Election Anglophone Blogging · Global Voices 
Destroy democracy. 
LJ user temniykot wrote : 
While they have a specialised Haiti collection, they also have documents, periodicals and newspapers, maps and photographs, letters and documents from throughout the region. 
Before signing off, Official McFaul retweeted a Global Voices article, which discussed the Ambassador's efforts to open up a dialogue with the Russian people through social networking sites, as well as the reception these efforts received from Russian bloggers: Russia: Obama’s McFaul Sworn in as U.S. Ambassador · Global Voices bit.ly/ztysHA Explains @McFaul's Twitter account/Russian internet This post is part of our special coverage Russia Elections 2011/12. 
Journalists of one of South Korea's biggest commercial television networks, the Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation (MBC) have been on indefinite strike since January 2012 demanding fair journalism. 
In the preview video of Anderson Cooper's Monday night show, Rosanne Clovin asserted that "they are going to do it no matter how difficult it is or how long it will take." 
In this video by SelvaRica, an artistic collective using multimedia to promote indigenous and environmental issues, a Naso Indigenous woman from Panama asks for help from the international community to put pressure and stop a Dam construction in their lands. 
A summary of Nitirat’s proposed Constitutional amendments: 
The Papuan Voices project overcomes political, geographical and financial barriers - as well as lack of technology - to bring important Papuan stories to the world. 
Dominica Weekly takes us on a virtual tour of the island's historic buildings. 
Egypt: The Plight of Rural Women · Global Voices 
Tuktuk, Beca, Kuliglig, Trishaw, Pedicab, Becak, Tricycle. 
Are the infants and these innocent foreign journalists all criminals and terrorists, too? 
@ichamza cynically tweeted: 
Cvetkovik says she does not plan to apply again, because she believes she has no chance of being elected, and that would also inconvenience the professors who supported her candidacy. 
Shahd Alshammari added: 
China: A New Collective Blog · Global Voices 
After three years of failures, the Moldovan parliament finally elected a president. 
Htoo Tay Zar, a blogger and citizen media journalist, wrote about his views on NLD and USDP: 
Image by Anwar Hussain, copyright Demotix (9 August, 2010). 
LET'S NOT GET USED TO DEATH." 
Facebook is extremely popular in Bangladesh and there are an estimated 2.5 million Facebook users and the country ranks 55th. 
Since plans for the naval base were announced five years ago, 95% of Jeju residents have voted against the base and used every possible democratic means to block its construction. 
This is the reason the news that in the first part of this year 3,000 dolphins have been found dead along the north coast of the country has caused such astonishment. 
Some members of the National Constituent Assembly, journalists, bloggers, lawyers and activists were harshly beaten. 
That’s why it was important in Sarajevo to have people from outside who were stronger and more sober. 
I can do the same, as a researcher too. 
In a press release issued today by Soliman’s campaigner Samual Al Ashay, we find a quote by Mohamed Anatar. 
While the petition continues to be analyzed, general conditions in all Brazilian prisons remain the focus of much debate. 
Peru: Report on Conga Mining Project Released · Global Voices 
From a benchwarmer to an NBA basketball player who led the New York Knicks to seven consecutive victories in February 2012, Jeremy Lin's inspiring Cinderella story has incited "Linsanity" in the United States and Taiwan. 
In the end, Shar tried to lodge a formal complaint, but the authorities rejected the paperwork because of a small typo. 
I believe it can and teach a course called Ecological Urbanism which uses Rome as a Laboratory to address themes such as waste, energy, water, transportation and land use. 
On March 29, a group of at least 300 protesters gathered in front of the Military Club in downtown Rio de Janeiro where a group of reserve soldiers and wistful politicians from the so-called Lead Years had also gathered to "commemorate" the military coup of 1964. 
If Fico insists on having the lowest price rejected, then simply the company owner who wants to build a house for 75,000 would own two companies that both have submitted a bid, one for 75,000 and the other for 74,000 euros. 
Below is the advertisement for the event: 
Online marriage matchmaking event poster. 
The roads that lead to Plaza del Sol in Madrid. 
Whatever police couldn’t remove easily – such as tables, chairs and toilet facilities – they destroyed. 
At the time she rang, they’d already gotten him admitted in a hospital on the Island for tests, and as you’re reading this he’s been to Immigration and is back with his passport! 
There is no doubt that prison is one of the factors of today's public politics. 
There are already many concerns about the mine from the thousands of local people near the facilities. 
As details on Bo’s family fortune emerge, public discussion gets heated over the enrichment of party officials. 
Hence the clean up was required. 
This is a welcome move from Google. 
Until their next big release, that is. 
Tweets under the #Crime308 hashtag have mostly focused on the personal and social cost of Article 308 and highlighted its failings. 
Thank you from the bottom of my heart. 
Jennifer Cheung from China Labour Bulletin introduces how workers in China make use of micro-blog to tell their stories in different artistic forms. 
The main fight seems to be between Tomislav Nikolic (the Serbian Progressive Party, or SNS, the opposition) and the current president Boris Tadic (the Democratic Party, DS). 
BBC Middle East Editor Jeremy Bowen spoke to a voter: 
The combination of the two themes i.e. African cultural backwardness and the populist tendency towards socialist rhetoric in Africa is not much different to the attitude of the Apartheid regime towards Africans. 
Reports suggest that the mosque had been hurled at with petrol bombs the night before, causing minor damage, and security forces were deployed to control the situation. 
If our uncritical engagement with media is any indication, we’re not even particularly engaged with our own. 
Ko John warned them to avoid religious disputes which would reverse the recent reforms made by the government: 
Revista Ocas is one such publication, containing information that sets it apart from the mainstream press in Brazil. 
Community leaders participate too. 
@MonaBassel: What will a guy benefit when he sexually harasses a woman? 
But according to a report by critical fashion outlet Jezebel, "ashion reflects the wider culture, and ours has a lot of work to do." 
The activists were arrested following their visit to Fahoud oil fields last Thursday to show solidarity with the striking Omani workers from contracting companies, who were commissioned to complete a project for two oil companies in the country. 
This way whether or not I subscribe to a blog I'm able to revisit why I picked that piece of writing or content and use it or cross-reference it later. 
Some of the ballots carried more politically committed messages: 
To form a government, however, Fico needed two coalition partners; one of them happened to be the Slovak National Party (SNS), whose leader, Ján Slota, was notorious for his anti-Roma and anti-Hungarian comments. 
Media and social media, of course: Some internet users insensitively posted pictures of the initial slaughter on their Facebook accounts. 
The graffiti reads "Sudanese go home" and "Price tag". 
Funeral prayers were performed in Makkah, after the maghreb (sunset) prayers. 
These people are also being persecuted online calling them as "Bengalis", notes Rohingya blogger: 
Foreign exchange shortage is another remarkable feature, both in the last two years of the forgotten regime of the Democratic Progressive Party, and the April 5, 2012-born regime of Joyce Banda. 
Egyptian netizens shared their thoughts and opinions about the meter on Twitter as follows: 
Unfortunately this appointing of Jack as Security Minister means that the country will suffer in the short and long term. 
"If you don't want to reconcile, then don't. 
China: Shanghai Metro Blames Sexual Harassment on Women's Immodest Clothing · Global Voices 
One of the groups is Ethio-Telecom Sucks which has 1,297 members so far. 
The same old fanatic repeat of events. 
Meanwhile, notable Chinese investments in the Philippines have been tainted by accusations of corruption. 
George was the last tortoise of the Chelonoidis abingdonii species, and he was approximately 150 years old. 
@ArabRevolution: Watching #SudanRevolts videos reminds me of how #Yemen started. 
A border can be created along the current LOC and surveillance cameras can be set up to monitor infiltration activities. 
Yemeni netizens expressed their views about the electricity cuts via Twitter. 
Gathered together under the Save Bondoc Peninsula Movement, various groups conducted a Peace Caravan and Mercy Mission in the Bondoc Peninsula from June 25 to July 2 to document human rights abuses and to give relief operations, medical and psychosocial assistance, among others. 
City Harvest Church is my family. 
The UK is under a binding obligation to recognize asylum, the rights of refugees and its other UN agreements. 
Ileana Fernández from Vivir México reports that the Mexican Constitution was translated into Mayan and other indigenous languages. 
This funding will cover education costs from primary school to university. 
The Marikana massacre is the most serious tragedy in South Africa since the end of the Apartheid era. 
This makes it Russia’s largest exercise this year. 
It seeks to acquire two frigates from Italy equipped with modern anti-ship and anti-aircraft missile systems. 
Did you know for instance that six sites in the country are on the UNESCO World Heritage List? 
Image and social status is of great importance within Ethiopian society. 
The possibilities are great. 
Afro Europe wrote a post on the appointment of a black female in UK Prime Minister David Cameron's new cabinet and gave a list of black female cabinet members in Europe : 
Labrish Jamaica thinks immediate action should be taken. 
Has the online community been consulted adequately about the need for the MLC, to begin with? 
The Armenian Observer reports that construction has started on upgrading Armenia's highways. 
On Saturday September 1, 2012, an anti-racism demonstration took place in central Athens, Greece, with Monastiraki Square as the starting point. 
With the Islamists’ rise to power, you have started not only criticizing them, but also drawing Islamic religious symbols (God, prophets...). 
That's the kind of reaction that makes you strangely proud to be British! 
Moms, students, working professionals and women from all walks of life are the driving force behind a gender revolution that has made huge contributions to our region’s prosperity. 
Sudanese blogger Usamah Mohammed tweeted on 16 September: 
At the Carbosulcis pit there is not enough coal being extracted to justify continuing operations, and therefore new business initiatives are needed, especially those to encourage CCS (Carbon Capture and Storage) technology. 
How exactly are citizens of this country overspending and squandering state funds? 
The Mayor of Dushanbe Mahmadsaid Ubaidulloev, one of the few Tajikistani officials using Facebook. 
Sharing to save 
The favourite Oscar Pistorius came in only second after the world record in the qualification heat. 
Roizman is dating the editor-in-chief of the portal, Aksana Panova, who has apparently managed to leave the country before masked operatives arrived at her apartment and scared her mother and young son . 
In the city that opened a brand new 14-acre mall six months ago just 4 miles away, the neighborhood adjacent to Přednádraží has only two small corner shops carrying basic (and not always fresh) food items, and a pub that, according to its manager, doubles as a community room because people have nowhere else to go. 
In 2006, a new law was passed in Spain that required a two-thirds parliamentary majority for key appointments in RTVE, the national television and radio network. 
This post is part of our special coverage Europe in Crisis. The consulting firm Oliver Wyman, which assesses the solidity (or lack thereof) of the main Spanish banks, made public its conclusions: the banks will need 52 000 million euros to get out of the precarious situation which the property bubble and poor administration have left them in. 
They privatise the gains and socialise the losses. 
Russia: Echo of Moscow Pokes Fun at Environmentalist Dissident · Global Voices 
@AbuKarim1: Our problem is that we want to implement Western theories on our societies instead of searching in what we have and modernising it 
Brazil: Misogynistic 'Humor' in MTV-Sponsored Blog · Global Voices 
Thirdly, I would think this guideline is serving a good laugh to the experts in the field of gay rights activism. However, the intention of MOE behind publishing the guidelines for “spotting a gay” is malicious. 
The same is true of leftists Oleg Shein, Anastasia Khrustalnaia, and others. 
While the elections process implemented by Volkov and his team is undeniably impressive, questions about certain inconvenient features persist. 
They go on to state that their priority will be "implementing workable demands" and not "populist gestures" (leaving it ambiguous if the latter is meant to describe how they view the protest movement's official goals). 
Alburov: says that cooperation would be possible, if Medvedev decided to fight corruption for real, or institute real judicial reform, or real police reform, and so on. 
"What do you like in Kadyrov's Chechnya?" Saprykin asks. 
In the nineties, Birdlife International included the São Tomé and Príncipe forests in Africa's "Important Bird Areas (IBAs)", located in the top 25% of the 218 “Endemic Bird Area (EBAs)" in the world. 
There are many different ways to violate Article 112. 
Honduran fans also expressed their joy on social networks, like Héctor Martínez (@heremaga2009) : 
And here it's important to highlight that this is aid without money. For our purposes, we identified this as volunteering on the Internet. 
Commissioner Leonid Volkov accepted responsibility for being underprepared for the attack, but reminded the public that the opposition faces a powerful foe in the government. 
In budget estimations for the 2012/2013 term, education suffered a cutback of almost 22%, meanwhile higher Value Added Tax (VAT) rates that went into effect in September have spiked the tax on school materials 17 points, going from the superreduced rate of 4% to the general rate of 21%. 
Moderated by veteran CBS journalist Bob Schieffer, the debate started off with a Romney who, were he to become president, would aim to have the Islamic world reject the terrorist doctrine with the help of experts in the region. 
Years ago, Pakistan poet Habib Jalib wrote these verse for the assassinated prime minister of Pakistan, Benazir Bhutto. 
While five months pregnant she traveled to photograph a cultural knowledge exchange in Quintana Roo where students from the only government- accredited program in midwifery went to study with Mayan traditional midwives from rural area. 
To whom are we going to denounce the violence perpetrated against our lives? 
‏@desmondc03: FOOTBALL inside POLITICS: Governor Fashola who's a Manchester untd fan has rendered 80% of Chelsea fans (okada rider) jobless in Lagos. 
While the issue of statelessness doesn’t get much visibility, some activists have been raising their voices and using social media to highlight it. 
Although Obama has made it to the White House and Democrats are maintaining a majority in the Senate, Republicans have taken control of the House of Representatives, meaning the gridlock between Congress and the administration will continue. 
Male participants of the campaign were encouraged to sign a pledge to respect women's rights and not to engage in the illegal practice. 
while I am thrilled that renewable energy initiatives live in SLU, as a sustainability wonk, I remain apprehensive about the use of food as bio-fuel feedstock for reasons I hope are obvious.....land-use, cost etc. 
@observerug: RT @Opiaiya: "If each time a bureaucrat steals a PM must resign no prime minister wd last 2 days"says @AmamaMbabazi #AskthePM 
Hu stressed that the Chinese's reform will be neither old way nor odd way, which in a nutshell points to "no way" as highlighted by micro-blogger Xu Xiaonian. 
It shows that the Comuna 13 in Medellin, being the most militarized urban territory in the country, still has not been able to live one day in peace. 
On Facebook, Chris Gande posted: 
Jeff Mwakaluka Jnr noted: 
Along with the tongue-in-cheek description of what happened, hardingush posted photos of Esmurziev’s suicide vest and of spetsnaz forces providing him with first aid. 
Corpspend 撈屍費 - fee for taking the corpse out of the river. 
@_AHA shares a photograph of what he describes as an expired tear-gas canister used against protesters in Jordan 
He needs to be smart in order to survive. 
Going forward, here is my question: do we really want an Attorney General who doesn’t have a clue about the legal bills passing through Parliament? 
Hagamos Democracia ("Let's make democracy") invites netizens to participate in the "Let's make a blog" contest, which aims to, 
Its reports have made their way into national conversations about controversial mining projects as in – for example – this Twitter exchange from a few days ago. 
Image from Woeser. 
My fellow Tibetans, for the future of our happiness, we need to have dignity and courage. 
Reminder: The king lives on 700,000 Euros per day - at the taxpayer's expense #BudgetPalais 
Image from Wikipedia. 
Then, for the first time in history, a country named Tajikistan was added to the map of the world. 
In turning his back on the opiate of the ubiquitous pot of pelau, he has threatened to drag us also from the warm comfort of that prison of belly full and asked us to reflect upon other forms of nourishment of which we have been starved. 
The lack of a strong popular response to the tragedy in Derbent is notable and disappointing. 
Three officers received a six year and seven month sentence each, one received a two year and three month sentence and the fifth received only a fine for abuse. 
@IanMwaura: Got a lift straight home from a bunch of strangers courtesy of @KenyaRedCross and the hashtag #CarpoolKE thanks y'all. #KOT 
To those who say that demonstrations are prohibited, what have you achieved? 
Everyone knows the implications of the jokes. 
Freedom of elections. 
Illarionov: Next slogan: Against dictatorship. 
I can see three hands. 
Virtual Game Leads to Real Job as Football Manager in Azerbaijan · Global Voices 
As far as I am concerned the main question is: Who paid them? 
The only reason we didn’t include the latter in the top ten was because the low internet connectivity in most of Peru makes an online learning platform seem like a stretch. 
Today, I asked them was related to Liu Xia, they grinned. 
The document is a declaration of government powers disguised as a declaration of human rights. 
Despite the campaign organized by Szilva and The Society for Open Information Technologies (SOIT), and despite the appeals of Aliancia Fair-Play , the current government is refusing to search for a more effective solution. 
Each time these squares appear, I can vouch that they have perfectly defined edges. 
Helping Hand for Iran aims to supply patients with rare medications in the shortest amount of time. UPDATE: This post has been updated to remove the photo of Manouchehr Eslami who was said to have died due to a lack of medication. 
Large lobbyists operate according to private interests in a process that leaves citizens uninformed, lacking the opportunity to participate. This often goes against public interest. 
As one of the most high-profile ambassadors of the event and a member of a vulnerable species, the Official Mascot can play a key role in driving environmental awareness. 
Here is a statement from one of the rape victims and a signatory on the manifesto of the 313 : 
As the boss of a private company, she couldn’t make her companies go public in China due to strict rules and difficulties with financing ; however, now that she has emigrated, she stands a better chance of taking her company public. 
Sarcastic dialogue: 
Visit Ivan Rumata's flickr photostream. 
In a follow-up article , he adds: 
A Comparison of China's and America's Richest People · Global Voices 
On the next day, People's Daily reinforced its opinion with another piece : “Internet Supervision in Accordance with the International Practice.” 
Larry Downes “Why is the UN Trying to Take over the Internet?”, Forbes Magazine. 
Adam Ferrier, a communications and marketing guru from advertising agency Naked Communications tries to explain this unlikely phenomenon on Unleashed: 
Jarrah has told Global Voices Online that he has a record of other conversations with Makdissi. 
We were scared for our future... 
Why has CCTV picked up the news today? 
Mike's Bogota Blog rants about traffic jams in Colombian capital city, Bogotá, and foresees the situation can only get worse: 
Shoigu, on the other hand, is independently quite popular. 
I love that it helps me improve my Spanish and translation skills, that it educates me about what is happening around the world, and that it lets me work with the other wonderful journalists, bloggers, and translators of GV! 
When I joined Global Voices, I thought it was a good way to practice what I liked and to collaborate with those who struggle so that news reaches everyone. 
they talk so much about freedom of expression when in our own country IT DOESN'T EXIST! 
Syria Disappears From the InternetThis graph shows failed DNS queries to Syria Domains, a sign that the world cannot get through to Syrian internet users. (source) 
What's more it shows a lack of respect to have the president driven over a road full of pot holes. It pains to me to say it, but this is why I did not inaugurate the Villonaco project today. 
For the future of my city, I’m concerned mainly about education. 
They are the steel of their families. 
Jail and Deportation! 
Five years - two surgeries (ileostomy, later followed by a reversal of the procedure), 12 rounds of chemo, 45 sessions of radiation, all kinds of experimental drugs and procedures that I can't even remember the names of...my Mom estimates it came up to around $50,000 in total medical expenses. 
In a more substantive response to arguments like Bialik's (which bloggers like Kovane , Dmitri Khabliuk , and LJ user arkhip have made elsewhere), Russian nationalist Konstantin Krylov also investigated the legal regime surrounding "foreign workers temporarily residing in Russia." 
Whenever I hear about a mine accident, my heart shatters in pieces 
The main entrance to Gorky Park, on the other hand, is just 2.5 miles south of the Kremlin. (In London, at the original Hyde Park, the official Speakers' Corner is 2.3 miles from the Houses of Parliament.) 
These activists, most of whom are in their 20s and early 30s, have tirelessly advocated for social justice, engaged in citizen journalism and participated in peaceful demonstrations against Chinese territorial encroachment. 
Terroir from Beijing Cream criticizes professional photojournalist Patrick Brown's photographs series, Trading to Extinction for being over simplified in the explanation of wildlife trade in China as "naive" and "greed": 
Where are the campaigns addressed to the men? 
“It sets a bad precedent for bloggers”. 
Many tweeps shared the tweet saying that while King had a dream, Obama has a drone. 
Users can answer online polls on zzhh.jp by connecting to their Twitter account. 
Under the OMG law, there will be no hiding the fact that Lebanon’s “consociational democracy” has devolved into nothing more than a constellation of sectarian communities who coexist in uneasy and suspicious alliances. 
(Corrections: An earlier version of this article incorrectly reported that the string of towns in Syria are controlled by the U.S. and the PKK., and also stated that Ocalan was Syrian. 
A post on the website ogginotizie.it declares that: 
He added a photo soon after: 
Making source available does not mean download. 
In a rebellious tone, Journalist Felipe Milanez (@Felipedjeguaka) tweeted: 
Among those implicated is the personal secretary of the royal children, Carlos García Revenga, who was treasurer of Nóos and was also officially charged by the judge. 
As seen from the lead photo of this post, as well as the one above (right) the first monkey has a mole on its right eyebrow and has grey and shorter hair around the face, while the second monkey one has no mole and dark brown hair around the face. 
The post includes a very personal story about a an Iranian woman who shares her prison experience. 
A very wide gap of communication, access, and dialogue exists between the knowledge scholars in the “west” produce about Eurasia, and what scholars “over there” produce. 
The reality in which the indebted EU is courting the communist China about buying European debt. 
To clarify the situation, Lin Ting-An posted her email communication to Chomsky in her Facebook. 
@syayyra "psy will come to malaysia to celebrate cny with our prime minister" oKaY. is our prime minister fanboy of psy? 
Protesters on a candlelight protest organized by'Bloggers and Online Activist Network' demanding death penalty of war criminal Abdul Quader Mollah. 
Cross Cultural Foundation recommends the reform of Article 112 which is often described as the world’s harshest Lese Majeste measure: 
Commenting on the image, opposition activist Ilya Yashin declared that the time of "conversations in office ties has ended." 
(Sources: elplural.com and 20minutos.es) 
Video of Brutal Beating of Women Shocks Angola · Global Voices 
The number of collected signatures must be two million in order for the process to continue. 
Banker and blogger Nazmus Nupur came to Shahbag in the hopes of creating a Bangladesh free of the religious militia Razakar for her child. 
For example, the first photograph in alihan777's album is of a lock of hair allegedly belonging to the Prophet Mohammed , exhibited in Abu Dhabi. 
Brunei's 'Nature Avengers' Think Big · Global Voices 
The diplomats & politicians who abandoned him must face an inquiry 
Never. 
The list of charges against al-Khadr was published by ACPRA. It was similar to the ones that are against al-Hamid and al-Qahtani and both of them included : Calling for and inciting to break the law, spread chaos and disturb public tranquility and safety by writing and publishing a statement that calls for protesting in public squares Unjustifiably calling the Saudi ruling regime a police regime that was established upon injustice and suppression and that misuses religion to justify injustice and to continue human rights violations. 
They are done with all of it that has to do with culture. 
For once I stand by the government's stance to dismiss the "experts'" warning/claim. 
Police is not doing anything against them. 
In Guyana, Stella's Sisterhood of Support and Service Foundation (S4) organized the event, which took place at the Promenade Gardens in Georgetown. 
In Saint Lucia, the One Billion Rising event was organized by the victim's advocacy group PROSAF and was supported by the They Often Cry Out (TOCO) Foundation, which continued its annual Clothesline Project. 
Elba Esther Gordillo Morales, leader of the National Education Workers' Union (SNTE) and a controversial figure on the Mexican political scene, was arrested on Tuesday, February 26, 2013, on charges of money laundering. 
Prickly at least until the two current prime ministers Lee Hsien Loong and Najib Tun Razak struck a real estate deal in 2010 which resolved the problem of what to do about Malaysia’s last foothold in Singapore, a railway station near the heart of Singapore’s business district. 
According to many witnesses, on February 25, black Mercedes of Anatoliy Barkov, vice president of Russia's largest oil company Lukoil , drove to an opposite lane at a high speed and crashed into red Citroen with two women. 
belnea: 
Our farmers only ask to be paid for their work #yoapoyoelparocafetero 
Can I have your tax ID number? 
Bloggers Duke it Out for Ghana's First Ever Social Media Awards · Global Voices 
On March 3, an article entitled “Focusing and Building up a ‘Strong Military’ Dream” appeared on the front page of the PLA Daily. 
@sabrina_S71: Save the country from the Jamaat Shibir hyenas. 
And she bravely accepted her duty as a public leader. 
Panamanian Opposition Parties Elect Presidential Candidates · Global Voices 
The Panameñista Party held its primary elections on 17th March and Juan Carlos Varela, the current vice-president of the country who has been identified as opposition for rupturing the government alliance, was announced the winner. 
China: Urumqi International Bazaar · Global Voices 
According to her students and colleagues she had been receiving death threats from the mafia involved in grabbing precious land in the city: 
2) indigenous self-government; 
(Prowork team) L-R: Ope, Francis and Namzo. 
Rosie Alves is a young Angolan blogger and "cronista" living in Luanda. 
In a guest post on the Science Speaks Blog, Dr. Madhukar Pai, an associate professor of epidemiology at McGill University, Montreal, mentioned that India's fight against TB is at a "critical juncture" and that innovative approaches would be required in order to achieve control and eradication. 
Nora's story became widely known in Croatia on Feb. 1, when local papers published this appeal for help written by her mother, Djana Atanasovska, and netizens helped share it : 
Russian Anti-Corruption Blogger Appeals to Readers · Global Voices 
Another very promising project is "StreetJournal.org" where citizens can report on problems in their city and work together to solve them . 
Oleg Kozlovsky reminded his readers that since the abolition of Soviet-era propiska in 1993, various restrictions and limits to freedom of movement were gradually lifted as legislators aimed to make life easier for the citizens, first allowing to remain without registration for 90 days, then allowing to register over the Internet. 
Don't you see this as a violation of human rights (of girls)? 
We should not tolerate our basic human right being stepped upon like this. 
It ruled that wage and pension cuts as well as reductions to sick leave and unemployment benefits violated the country's constitutional principles of equality and fair distribution of fiscal burden. 
The basis of an ethical bank is a completely transparent management style, promoting a true economy and its environmental services by prioritizing fair trade and social support amongst others. 
Entire villages have been built out of remittances in Mali, for instance, mainly from immigrants to France. 
Despite the huge potential for using data about a society or government for the public good, it is rarely released and shared for public use. 
If they get away with it this time, there is no guarantee that this not going to intensify retaliation in the future. 
They haven't killed one of us yet, but a man set the clinic on fire ten years ago and has yet to face a trial. 
What we are now talking about is paralyzing Central, is this radical? 
During the weekend-long event, it became Puerto Rico's mecca for murals. 
Everybody mingles peacefully. 
The men were arrested off the coast of Cape Verde last week. 
As the community was one of squatters, the houses didn't have official documentation and therefore, there was no contract, only an agreement with the owner: 
Investor and online personality "Xue manzi" criticized: 
Egyptian blogger Mostafa Hussein asks: 
'Hope, Service, Passion': Meet Laura Boldrini, Italy's Likable Leader in Parliament · Global Voices 
All we know is that there is a seizure, which we were able to notice when the Under-17 players could not collect their winning checks." 
Blogger DamviWorld criticized how near-sighted the actions of Korean Internet service providers are: 
Aung Zaw blames military leaders for the emergence of ‘Buddhist fascists’ and ‘Buddhist extremists’: 
Here’s what I found out this morning: 
EU Seal Ban Maims Indigenous Way of Life in the Arctic · Global Voices 
The work-related cars are now used for work for one-third of the time, another one-third of the time is used for officials' private matters, and the remaining one-third of the time is used for the driver's affair. 
We recently caught up with Jacobs, a media and international affairs scholar who currently teaches at The New School in New York, to talk about the blog. 
In those emails, Durov and Tsyplukhin indicate Vkontakte’s secret cooperation with federal police to suppress the online organizing efforts of the country’s political opposition in December 2011. 
Past Novaya reporters like Anna Politkovskaya (assassinated in 2006) are key to its reputation today as a newspaper many consider to be beyond reproach. 
Some even questioned the whole idea of donation, as they believe the government is rich enough to cover the cost of disaster relief. 
Former Police Commissioner and Federal Deputy Lourival Mendes, who authored the proposal, has defended the amendment, saying that one institution, not two or more, should be in charge of investigations. 
Was he wasted or what? 
The clip below is a traditional song revamped by Dovran Tokgaev, "Suw Almaga Gelmezmi?" 
Activists Occupy Parliament in Kenya · Global Voices 
COB representatives demand an increase in their retirement pensions from the current 70 percent to 100 percent of the their salary. 
They must have ratted on me earlier, when my blog just got into The Bobs finals. 
Activist and researcher Atiaf Alwazir wrote a blog post entitled "Reading should be a right not a privilege" highlighting the importance of education for women. 
However...this chick needs a serious dose of reality, an education and a lesson on how to market test her ads! 
The newspaper El Tiempo published some of Correa's declarations: 
Pranay Sinha asked: 
Interfaith Groups: Stop Religious Violence in Myanmar · Global Voices 
A good example of this is that half of the Thai Senate is elected, but the other half is appointed by a small group of people. 
The federal government is starting a campaign of agrarian political reforms, and to put pressure on local governments - since the allocation of land is their prerogative - to allow marginalized populations to remain on their land, or to find new land where they can work. 
I represented the group the soldier came from and I felt shame, anger and confusion all in one. 
Mauritania: Protests in Nouakchott Harbour · Global Voices 
Qatar: New Cyber Crime Law Could Threaten Online Speech · Global Voices 
Osman Orsal injured by a tear gas capsule. 
I was very relieved when I heard that Rafsanjani was disqualified... 
Also, the court did not allow for a public trial as required by laws and regulations, but rather the trial was held secretly with the attendance of soldiers wearing their military uniform. 
He eventually became became a viral topic. 
As younger generation shows a serious lack of historical knowledge even to the point of calling an iconic democratic movement a rebel, South Korean net users set up an online petition page calling the government to make history a mandatory subject in Korean SAT. 
R.I.P Rituparno Ghosh. 
Norwegian Music Video Offends Kyrgyzstanis · Global Voices 
Protests Over 'Religious Tolerance' Award for Indonesian President · Global Voices 
It talked about the importance of the citizen watchdog, since the authorities owe things to those who gave them their vote. 
But deaths increased and new elements appeared showing that the reason is not heat stroke but an epidemic spreading among people. 
Aaron Koh was inspired by the protest: 
Freedom of the Press worldwide in 2013. 
‏@WomanfromYemen: In #Yemen, while opposition parties got to power b/c of the revolution, some revolutionary #youth remain in prison #FreeDetainedRevYouth 
It's been a particularly bad year for Russia's long-suffering orphans. 
The participation of Tunisia was notable, not only because of its representative's express petition to Congress that abolition be treated as a key issue in the next elections, but also because of that country's hope of becoming one of the chief abolitionist nations in North Africa. 
Verbal – who was born a man, but said she always felt like a woman — prefers to keep her birth name a secret. 
Wish you luck. 
Many Russian bloggers are asking that very question, after Kraft claimed in a June 14, 2013, New York Post interview that he had in fact not given the ring as a gift. 
Despite the strong calls and the general agreement on the cause, yet there is an equally strong feeling of discomfort as well as uncertainty clouding up the whole scene. 
It is perhaps understandable to pay him back by expelling his rebellious opponent, Kukoi Samba Sanyang. 
Rebels in Thailand's Troubled South Make Public Debut on YouTube · Global Voices 
Break the siege of Homs. 
The authorities intimidate the elderly man (as well as scores of his relatives) apparently because his son founded an opposition party that had been quite successful in mobilizing supporters in the Central Asian nation. 
Snowden Air Search: "Be Strong" Morales, Latin American Presidents Tweet · Global Voices 
From Day One, the rice pledging scheme was criticised as unrealistic. 
‏@MosaicoMercurio: @aprensamadrid. 
The only question is whether they will use @ImNotABIN, @MrGossip, @ABIN_USER_246 or @JamesBond22331 as avatar. 
Roberto Beličanec, Macedonian Media Expert and Vocal Activist, Dies · Global Voices 
Other users have simply lost patience with the story, which has been developing for over a week and a half. 
In Peru, just one medium-sized tupperware may cost between 7 and 10 soles. 
A page titled "The Bulgarian Vagabond" ("vagabond” is now common mockery in Bulgaria of a socialist deputy, Hristo Monov, who called the protesters “vagabonds”) was started on Facebook to mock the discrepancies between unofficial sources and official information. 
The film is currently seeking financial support through a crowdfunding website so they can compensate artists and music copyright holders. 
All my frustrations are gone, too. 
This time their target was Morsi Al-Rebh, one of the 23 wanted persons by the government for his participation in protests that swept Qatif with the beginning of the so-called Arab Spring in 2011. 
Moreover, on Tuesday, July 16, the newspaper Perú1 published audio transcripts of negotiations that occurred prior to the vote and political postings that reflected partisan interests. 
In contrast, she noted: 
While this is a dubious proposition (considering the massive "successes" of Russian street protests over the last year), street actions were planned several weeks in advance with the support of the Russian Pirate Party , RosComFreedom , and the Association of Internet Users , and took place in regional cities like Kazan, Tomsk and Novosibirsk in addition to Moscow and St. Petersburg. 
These two charges have been dropped. 
Just arrived." 
What we can see for now is that Beijing and Hong Kong have been "passing balls" to each other. 
The anthem tells the story of the millions of Syrians impacted by the current uprising; the martyrs, the women, the children and the refugees. 
the main source of criminal activity at markets are the cops themselves. 
A second press release announced the cancellation of the pardon on August 4. 
Anonymous activism group, e3teqal, wrote a series of tweets explaining what happened: 
Defend your positions and your work over the last week! 
Later the same day, Cala stated in local media that “in career, never arrange a meeting with President Evo Morales again”. 
I travel to change the context! Mariana (@MEspinozaE) from Mexico said that traveling is the best way to spend her time: @Lolawm it has helped me to expand my horizons, and think outside the box.. the best way to spend my time 
I am in Cairo. 
This is likely to help contribute to the attainment of MDGs and beyond. 
I will gladly pay that price if it means we could have a country that is truly conceived in liberty and dedicated to the proposition that all women and men are created equal. 
Imagine. 
First, they rarely own the lands. 
In addition to the lack of resources, a cultural sensitivity to sharing information about gender based violence was an obstacle during this project. 
Perhaps to deflect public outrage, Aquino promised the abolition of the PDAF and its replacement by a more transparent funding scheme last Friday. 
Mbas Ndriver (@Kenfreykj), a Kenyan IT professional, wondered how not even a single person was smart enough to cheat: 
Even though in India 50 percent of children under three are malnourished according to UNICEF data, in the state of Kerala such stories of child malnourishment are rare due to its model of development and numerous health facilities in the state. 
In a blog post on Ekho Moskvy, academic Igor Chubais interpreted the threat of fundraising violation charges as proof that Vladimir Churov and the Election Commission are no longer able to guarantee managed results for Moscow’s upcoming mayoral contest. 
You can't stop the degradation if they can't be uprooted. 
Chain in Buenos Aires! # viacatalanamon More than 250 people in Congress Plaza! Great 
Throughout the Moscow mayor’s race, Alexey Navalny’s campaign has taken a beating from all sides on questions about financing, nationalism, and even transparency. 
When cigarette advertisements were found, the youths stood in front of the store or restaurant with the signboards raised up. 
Mr Mbowe was protesting the move by the Deputy Speaker to bar him from moving a motion to block continuation of the debate on the Bill for Amendment of the Constitutional Review Act 2013. 
Didn even realize it happened until moments later LOL. 
It’s the fear of being tainted by homosexuality that drives irrational males to commit acts of violence against so-called sexual deviants. 
Capability should be the only criterion, regardless of the citizen's gender. 
"Yuanfang Guandian" wrote that the policy against extravagance is just for show: 
Rubber farmers wanted the government to give them the same support that it is providing to rice farmers. 
If you offered most residents in rural America a job that paid up to seven times their current income, but that involved relocating to a foreign country with a different language, and risking your life by walking through a desert to get there, most would probably opt to stay home. 
He wrote: 
The AMC decided, finally, to reinstate the bike lane, this time officially. 
These police don’t investigate charlatanism and the commercial exploitation of faith! 
Among the comments is that of Amalia Temperini, from the blog Bricolage, who argues by accepting such low pay, journalists themselves support exploitation: 
